A cowboy doll is profoundly threatened and jealous when a new spaceman figure supplants him as top toy in a boy's room.
James Bond teams up with the lone survivor of a destroyed Russian research center to stop the hijacking of a nuclear space weapon by a fellow agent believed to be dead.
Four interlocking tales that take place in a fading hotel on New Year's Eve.
A mobster travels to Hollywood to collect a debt and discovers that the movie business is much the same as his current job.
An agoraphobic psychologist and a female detective must work together to take down a serial killer who copies serial killers from the past.
A provincial boy related to a Shanghai crime family is recruited by his uncle into cosmopolitan Shanghai in the 1930s to be a servant to a ganglord's mistress.
In a future world devastated by disease, a convict is sent back in time to gather information about the man-made virus that wiped out most of the human population on the planet.
Babe, a pig raised by sheepdogs, learns to herd sheep with a little help from Farmer Hoggett.
A nun, while comforting a convicted killer on death row, empathizes with both the killer and his victim's families.
The classic Shakespearean play about a murderously scheming king staged in an alternative fascist England setting.
Two detectives, a rookie and a veteran, hunt a serial killer who uses the seven deadly sins as his modus operandi.
A boat has been destroyed, criminals are dead, and the key to this mystery lies with the only survivor and his twisted, convoluted story beginning with five career crooks in a seemingly random police lineup.
When he discovers his adopted son is a genius, a New York sportswriter seeks out the boy's birth mother: a prostitute.
Simple Italian postman learns to love poetry while delivering mail to a famous poet; he uses this to woo local beauty Beatrice.
A frustrated composer finds fulfillment as a high school music teacher.
After learning of her husband's infidelities, a housewife invites an itinerant lesbian to move in with them. None of their lives will ever be the same again.
Two criminals and their hostages unknowingly seek temporary refuge in an establishment populated by vampires, with chaotic results.
Several people try to take advantage of a little girl's innocence to hustle money her mom gave to her to buy a goldfish with.
A Dutch matron establishes and, for several generations, oversees a close-knit, matriarchal community where feminism and liberalism thrive.
In the 1800s a naturalist marries into a family of British aristocrats.
The Muppets' twist on the classic tale.
When his secret bride is executed for assaulting an English soldier who tried to rape her, a commoner begins a revolt and leads Scottish warriors against the cruel English tyrant who rules Scotland with an iron fist.
A mentally unstable Vietnam war veteran works as a night-time taxi driver in New York City where the perceived decadence and sleaze feeds his urge for violent action, attempting to save a preadolescent prostitute in the process.
A young man visiting and helping his uncle in New York City finds himself forced to fight a street gang and the mob with his martial art skills.
A gay cabaret owner and his drag queen companion agree to put up a false straight front so that their son can introduce them to his fiancée's right-wing moralistic parents.
Three Irish Catholic brothers from Long Island struggle to deal with love, marriage, and infidelity.
Two hip detectives protect a murder witness while investigating a case of stolen heroin.
Three astronauts must devise a strategy to return to Earth safely after their spacecraft undergoes massive internal damage.
Batman must battle Two-Face and The Riddler with help of an amourous psychologist and a young circus acrobat who becomes his sidekick, Robin.
A frigid young housewife decides to spend her midweek afternoons as a prostitute.
On a US nuclear missile sub, a young first officer stages a mutiny to prevent his trigger happy captain from launching his missiles before confirming his orders to do so.
An intimate portrait of the controversial cartoonist and his traumatized family.
A gunslinger is embroiled in a war with a local drug runner.
Jordan White and Amy Blue, two troubled teens, pick up an adolescent drifter, Xavier Red. Together, the threesome embark on a sex and violence-filled journey through an America of psychos and quickiemarts.
Jesse becomes reunited with Willy three years after the whale's jump to freedom as the teenager tries to rescue the killer whale and other orcas from an oil spill.
Casey and Matt are high school kids in love. They run away together after Casey's parents check her into a mental hospital for trying to kill herself...
This ultra-hip, post-modern vampire tale is set in contemporary New York City. Members of a dysfunctional...
A computer programmer stumbles upon a conspiracy, putting her life and the lives of those around her in great danger.
A former cop turned street-hustler accidentally uncovers a police conspiracy in 1999 Los Angeles.
Three drag queens travel cross-country until their car breaks down, leaving them stranded in a small town.
In order to inherit his fed up father's hotel empire, an immature and lazy man must repeat grades 1-12 all over again.
A day in the lives of two convenience clerks named Dante and Randal as they annoy customers, discuss movies, and play hockey on the store roof.
A computer specialist is sued for sexual harassment by a former lover turned boss who initiated the act forcefully, which threatens both his career and his personal life.
A big-city reporter travels to the small town where her mother has been arrested for the murder of an elderly woman that she works for as a maid.
A senior chef lives with his three grown daughters; the middle one finds her future plans affected by unexpected events and the life changes of the other household members.
The 'Exotica' is a nightclub on the outskirts of Toronto, where Eric, DJ and MC, watches nightly as his ex-girlfriend Christina performs...
The mostly true story of the legendary director of awful movies and his strange group of friends and actors.
A film following the lives of two inner-city Chicago boys who struggle to become college basketball players on the road to going professional.
Albert Einstein helps a young man who's in love with Einstein's niece to catch her attention by pretending temporarily to be a great physicist.
Luke Skywalker joins forces with a Jedi Knight, a cocky pilot, a wookiee and two droids to save the universe from the Empire's world-destroying battle-station, while also attempting to rescue Princess Leia from the evil Darth Vader.
Epic tale of three brothers and their father living in the remote wilderness of 1900s USA and how their lives are affected by nature, history, war, and love.
A meditation on power and the metaphor of the body of state, based on the real episode of dementia experienced...
Two victims of traumatized childhoods become lovers and psychopathic serial murderers irresponsibly glorified by the mass media.
Extreme measures are necessary to contain an epidemic of a deadly airborne virus. But how extreme, exactly?
A professional assassin rescues a young girl whose family were killed in a police raid.
The lives of two mob hit men, a boxer, a gangster's wife, and a pair of diner bandits intertwine in four tales of violence and redemption.
Father Greg Pilkington (Linus Roache) is torn between his call as a conservative Catholic priest and his secret life as a homosexual with a gay lover...
Dick Goodwin discovers game shows are fixed: Charles Van Doren is fed answers so he beats Herbie Stempel.
Final entry in a trilogy of films dealing with contemporary French society concerns a model who discovers her neighbour is keen on invading people's privacy.
A woman struggles to find a way to live her life after the death of her husband and child.
Second of a trilogy of films dealing with contemporary French society shows a Polish immigrant who wants to get even with his former wife.
An interstellar teleportation device, found in Egypt, leads to a planet with humans resembling ancient Egyptians who worship the god Ra.
When a man inadvertantly kills Santa on Christmas Eve, he finds himself magically recruited to take his place.
Two imprisoned men bond over a number of years, finding solace and eventual redemption through acts of common decency.
Gilbert has to care for his brother Arnie and his obese mother, which gets in the way when love walks into his life.
Ticket collecting romantic pretends to be engaged to an unconscious man but can't fool his brother
A goofy detective specializing in animals goes in search of a missing dolphin mascot of a football team.
A man brutally murdered comes back to life as an undead avenger of his and his fiancée's murder.
Forrest Gump, while not intelligent, has accidentally been present at many historic moments, but his true love, Jenny Curran, eludes him.
Over the course of five social occasions, a committed bachelor must consider the notion that he may have discovered love.
Lion cub and future king Simba searches for his identity. His eagerness to please others and penchant for testing his boundaries sometimes gets him into trouble.
Bank clerk Stanley Ipkiss is transformed into a manic super-hero when he wears a mysterious mask.
Bret Maverick, needing money for a poker tournament, faces various comic mishaps and challenges, including a charming woman thief.
Three strippers seeking thrills encounter a young couple in the desert. After dispatching the boyfriend...
Brother Minister reveals the mystery surrounding the assassination of Malcolm X at the Audubon Ballroom in New York City on February 21...
A Puerto Rican former convict, just released from prison, pledges to stay away from drugs and violence despite the pressure around him and lead on to a better life outside of N.Y.C.
A young lawyer joins a prestigious law firm only to discover that it has a sinister dark side.
When a boy learns that a beloved killer whale is to be killed by the aquarium owners, the boy risks everything to free the whale.
Dr. Richard Kimble, unjustly accused of murdering his wife, must find the real killer while being the target of a nationwide manhunt.
"Rambo" parody in which Topper Harley leads a rescue team into Iraq to save Iraqi war prisoners and all of their previous rescue teams.
A naive business graduate is installed as president of a manufacturing company as part of a stock scam.
During a preview tour, a theme park suffers a major power breakdown that allows its cloned dinosaur exhibits to run amok.
Young lovers Hero and Claudio, soon to wed, conspire to get verbal sparring partners and confirmed singles Benedick and Beatrice to wed as well.
The Earth is invaded by alien "slugs" that ride on people's backs and control their minds.
A cat burglar is forced to take a bickering, dysfunctional family hostage on Christmas Eve.
A butler who sacrificed body and soul to service in the years post World War II realizes too late how misguided his loyalty has been.
A prepubescent chess prodigy refuses to harden himself in order to become a champion like the famous but unlikable Bobby Fischer.
A recently-widowed man's son calls a radio talk show in an attempt to find his father a partner.
A blade runner must pursue and try to terminate four replicants who stole a ship in space and have returned to Earth to find their creator.
A San Francisco poet who fears commitment has a girlfriend who he suspects may not be who she appears.
Jack Skellington, king of Halloweentown, discovers Christmas Town, but doesn't quite understand the concept.
Clarence marries hooker Alabama, steals cocaine from her pimp, and tries to sell it in Hollywood, while the owners of the coke try to reclaim it.
Insightful look at an unattractive 7th grader as she struggles to cope with un-attentive parents, snobbish classmates, a smart older brother, an attractive younger sister, and her own insecurities.
An 8-year-old boy who is accidentally left behind while his family flies to France for Christmas must defend his home against idiotic burglars.
Aladdin, a street urchin, accidentally meets Princess Jasmine, who is in the city undercover. They love each other, but she can only marry a prince.
A cyborg, identical to the one who failed to kill Sarah Connor, must now protect her teenage son, John, from a more advanced cyborg, made out of liquid metal.
Lt. John Dunbar, exiled to a remote western Civil War outpost, befriends wolves and Indians, making him an intolerable aberration in the military.
A young F.B.I. cadet must confide in an incarcerated and manipulative killer to receive his help on catching another serial killer who skins his victims.
Snow White, pursued by a jealous queen, hides with the Dwarfs; the queen feeds her a poison apple, but Prince Charming awakens her with a kiss.
Jerry Lundegaard's inept crime falls apart due to his and his henchmen's bungling and the persistent police work of the quite pregnant Marge Gunderson.
A glowing orb terrorizes a young girl with a collection of stories of dark fantasy, eroticism and horror.
With the help of a smooth talking tomcat, a family of Parisian felines set to inherit a fortune from their owner try to make it back home after a jealous butler kidnaps them and leaves them in the country.
Charlie and Itchy return to Earth to find Gabriel's Horn, but along the way meet up with a young boy named David, who ran away from home.
In an alternate futuristic society, a tough female police detective is paired with a talking dinosaur to find the killer of dinosaurs and other prehistoric animals leading them to a mad scientist bent on creating a new Armageddon.
This movie is a remake of the hit series which starred, Phil Silvers as Sgt. Bilko. In this movie, Bilko...
The wife and mistress of the sadistic dean of an exclusive prep school conspire to murder him.
The daughter of a thief, young Moll is placed in the care of a nunnery after the execution of her mother...
A pharmaceutical scientist creates a pill that makes people remember their happiest memory, and although it's successful, it has unfortunate side effects.
Mike Nelson and his robot companions watch and give their comments about "This Island Earth".
To keep the loyalty of a native village during the Vietnam war, a US Army officer and his unit struggle to deliver it a live elephant.
A successful veternarian & radio show host with low self-esteem asks her model friend to impersonate her when a handsome man wants to see her.
Sandy Ricks is sent by his mom to Coral Key, a rustic island in the Florida keys, to spend the summer with his uncle Porter Ricks...
In a time of war and disease, a young officer gallantly tries to help a young woman find her husband.

How was it possible that a movie like "Plan 9 from Outerspace" could be made? This documentary about Ed Wood Jr.'s masterpiece gives the answer.
In England in the early 1930's, 20 year old Flora Poste, recently orphaned and left with only 100 pounds a year...
A mild-mannered chemist and an ex-con must lead the counterstrike when a rogue group of military men, led by a renegade general, threaten a nerve gas attack from Alcatraz against San Francisco.
Bill and Jo Harding, advanced storm chasers on the brink of divorce, must join together to create an advanced weather alert system by putting themselves in the cross-hairs of extremely violent tornadoes.
A film about the work of the artist most famous for her monuments such as the Vietnam Memorial Wall and the Civil Rights Fountain Memorial.
A stripper and single mother gets dragged into a dangerous situation after a congressman takes a fancy to her.
The aliens are coming and their goal is to invade and destroy. Fighting superior technology, Man's best weapon is the will to survive.
A lonely and disturbed cable guy raised on television just wants a new friend, but his target, a designer, rejects him, with bad consequences.
After a tragic car accident that killed his wife, a man discovers he can communicate with the dead to con people but when a demonic spirit appears, he may be the only one who can stop it from killing the living and the dead.
When the skeleton of his murdered predecessor is found, Sheriff Sam Deeds unearths many other long-buried secrets in his Texas border town.
An ordinary man sees a bright light descend from the sky, and discovers he now has super-intelligence and telekinesis.
Percy, upon being released from prison, goes to the small town of Gillead, to find a place where she can start over again...
The aging patriarch of an organized crime dynasty transfers control of his clandestine empire to his reluctant son.
A Hong Kong detective teams up with his female Red Chinese counterpart to stop a Chinese drug czar.
Corky, a tough female ex con and her lover Violet concoct a scheme to steal millions of stashed mob money and pin the blame on Violet's crooked boyfriend Caeser.
Robert Altman's jazz-scored film explores themes of love, crime, race, and politics in 1930s Kansas City...
A young New York socialite becomes interested in a young man who has moved into her apartment building.
Dorothy Gale is swept away to a magical land in a tornado and embarks on a quest to see the Wizard who can help her return home.
A manipulative Southern belle carries on a turbulent affair with a blockade runner during the American Civil War.
Following the death of a publishing tycoon, news reporters scramble to discover the meaning of his final utterance.
Humanity finds a mysterious, obviously artificial, object buried beneath the Lunar surface and, with the intelligent computer H.A.L. 9000, sets off on a quest.
A naive man is appointed to fill a vacancy in the US Senate. His plans promptly collide with political corruption, but he doesn't back down.
A failing Italian restaurant run by two brothers gambles on one special night to try to save the business.
In the third episode of this series, the Ducks get scholarships to Eden Hall Academy, a high ranking prep school...
A race car driver becomes a champion with a Volkswagen Beetle with a mind of its own.
Three pets escape from a California ranch to find their owners in San Francisco.
A ship sent to investigate a wave of mysterious sinkings encounters the advanced submarine, the Nautilus, commanded by Captain Nemo.
An apprentice witch, three kids and a cynical conman search for the missing component to a magic spell useful to the defense of Britain.
A woman leaves an Austrian convent to become a governess to the children of a Naval officer widower.
John McClane, officer of the NYPD, tries to save wife Holly Gennaro and several others, taken hostage by German terrorist Hans Gruber during a Christmas party at the Nakatomi Plaza in Los Angeles.
A simple man is turned into a genius through the application of computer science.
Character study about Mildred, an elderly woman who has spent her life caring for others. When her daughter finally leaves home...
A woman suffering from amnesia begins to recover her memories after trouble from her past finds her again.
Set in 1898, this movie is based on the true story of two lions in Africa that killed 35 people over a nine month period...
A stonemason steadfastly pursues a cousin he loves. However their love is troubled as he is married...
Wannabe actors become regulars in the stylish neo-lounge scene; Trent teaches his friend Mike the unwritten rules of the scene.
A poor boy wins the opportunity to tour the most eccentric and wonderful candy factory of all.
A nerdish store owner is revived out of cryostasis into a future world to fight an oppressive government.
In London, four very different people team up to commit armed robbery, then try to doublecross each other for the loot.
Brian is born on the original Christmas, in the stable next door. He spends his life being mistaken for a messiah.
Spending the summer in a holiday camp with her family, Frances "Baby" Houseman falls in love with the camp's dance instructor Johnny Castle.
After a simple jewelery heist goes terribly wrong, the surviving criminals begin to suspect that one of them is a police informant.
A young recruit in Vietnam faces a moral crisis when confronted with the horrors of war and the duality of man.
A pair of losers try to pretend that their murdered employer is really alive, but the murderer is out to "finish him off."
A police detective is in charge of the investigation of a brutal murder, in which a beautiful and seductive woman could be involved.
An examination of the machinations behind the scenes at a real estate office.
As students at the Navy's elite fighter weapons school compete to be best in the class, one daring young flyer learns a few things from a civilian instructor that are not taught in the classroom.
The loons are back again on Golden Pond and so are Norman Thayer, a retired professor, and Ethel who...
A troubled rock star descends into madness in the midst of his physical and social isolation from everyone.
A civilian diving team are enlisted to search for a lost nuclear submarine and face danger while encountering an alien aquatic species.
A greedy landowner and his backward nephew conspire to block the only water source for an adjoining property in order to bankrupt the owner and force him to sell.
A beautiful but shy shepherdess plots vengeance on the men whose greedy conspiracy to acquire her her father's land caused his death years earlier.
A sheltered young high society woman joins the army on a whim and finds herself in a more difficult situation than she ever expected.
An documentarian from the BBC visits the set of Monty Python and the Holy Grail (1975). This documentary shouldn't be viewed as a making of the film, but rather a goof-off session that is simply there to conjure up laughter.
Wallace is used by a criminal penguin in a robbery involving mechanical trousers.
A filmmaker recalls his childhood, when he fell in love with the movies at his village's theater and formed a deep friendship with the theater's projectionist.
Post-apocalyptic surrealist black comedy about the landlord of an apartment building who occasionally prepares a delicacy for his odd tenants.
After the rebels have been brutally overpowered by the Empire on their newly established base, Luke Skywalker takes advanced Jedi training with Master Yoda, while his friends are pursued by Darth Vader as part of his plan to capture Luke.
A classic fairy tale, with swordplay, giants, an evil prince, a beautiful princess, and yes, some kissing (as read by a kindly grandfather).
Archeologist and adventurer Indiana Jones is hired by the US government to find the Ark of the Covenant before the Nazis.
A bureaucrat in a retro-future world tries to correct an administrative error and himself becomes an enemy of the state.
The planet from  (1979) has been colonized, but contact is lost. This time, the rescue team has impressive firepower, but will it be enough?
A bounty hunting scam joins two men in an uneasy alliance against a third in a race to find a fortune in gold buried in a remote cemetery.
A dissenting juror in a murder trial slowly manages to convince the others that the case is not as obviously clear as it seemed in court.
In future Britain, charismatic delinquent Alex DeLarge is jailed and volunteers for an experimental aversion therapy developed by the government in an effort to solve society's crime problem - but not all goes according to plan.
During the U.S.-Viet Nam War, Captain Willard is sent on a dangerous mission into Cambodia to assassinate a renegade colonel who has set himself up as a god among a local tribe.

Henry Hill and his friends work their way up through the mob hierarchy.
The commercial vessel Nostromo receives a distress call from an unexplored planet. After searching for survivors, the crew heads home only to realize that a deadly bioform has joined them.

A Phoenix secretary steals $40,000 from her employer's client, goes on the run and checks into a remote motel run by a young man under the domination of his mother.
Jake Blues, just out from prison, puts together his old band to save the Catholic home where he and brother Elwood were raised.
The early life and career of Vito Corleone in 1920s New York is portrayed while his son, Michael, expands and tightens his grip on his crime syndicate stretching from Lake Tahoe, Nevada to pre-revolution 1958 Cuba.
A pragmatic U.S. Marine observes the dehumanizing effects the U.S.-Vietnam War has on his fellow recruits from their brutal boot camp training to the bloody street fighting in Hue.
When Rodney Baze mysteriously disappears and law enforcement doesn't follow through fast enough, his older brother, Russell, takes matters into his own hands to find justice.
The gritty adaption of William Shakespeare's play about the English King's bloody conquest of France.
The incredible story of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, told by his peer and secret rival Antonio Salieri - now confined to an insane asylum.
An emotionally self-destructive boxer's journey through life, as the violence and temper that leads him to the top in the ring, destroys his life outside it.
The story of the original Mercury 7 astronauts and their macho, seat-of-the-pants approach to the space program.
In 1930s Chicago, a young con man seeking revenge for his murdered partner teams up with a master of the big con to win a fortune from a criminal banker.
A human-looking indestructible cyborg is sent from 2029 to 1984 to assassinate a waitress, whose unborn son will lead humanity in a war against the machines, while a soldier from that war is sent to protect her at all costs.
English teacher John Keating inspires his students to a love of poetry and to seize the day.
Recent college graduate Benjamin Braddock is trapped into an affair with Mrs. Robinson, who happens to be the wife of his father's business partner and then finds himself falling in love with her daughter, Elaine.
Convicted felon Nikita, instead of going to jail, is given a new identity and trained, stylishly, as a top secret spy/assassin.
After settling his differences with a Japanese PoW camp commander, a British colonel co-operates to oversee his men's construction of a railway bridge for their captors - while oblivious to a plan by the Allies to destroy it.
A family heads to an isolated hotel for the winter where an evil and spiritual presence influences the father into violence, while his psychic son sees horrific forebodings from the past and of the future.
The lone survivor of an onslaught of flesh-possessing spirits holds up in a cabin with a group of strangers while the demons continue their attack.
A weatherman finds himself living the same day over and over again.
Retired Old West gunslinger William Munny reluctantly takes on one last job, with the help of his old partner and a young man.
A teenager is accidentally sent 30 years into the past in a time-traveling DeLorean invented by his friend, Dr. Emmett Brown, and must make sure his high-school-age parents unite in order to save his own existence.
The World War II phase of the career of the controversial American general, George S. Patton.
A secret military project endangers Neo-Tokyo when it turns a biker gang member into a rampaging psionic psychopath that only two kids and a group of psionics can stop.
Embarrassed by his large nose, a romantic poet/soldier romances his cousin by proxy.
Dr. Frankenstein's grandson, after years of living down the family reputation, inherits granddad's castle and repeats the experiments.
Spinal Tap, one of England's loudest bands, is chronicled by film director Marty DeBergi on what proves to be a fateful tour.
When Dr. Henry Jones Sr. suddenly goes missing while pursuing the Holy Grail, eminent archaeologist Indiana Jones must follow in his father's footsteps and stop the Nazis.
The staff of a Korean War field hospital use humor and hijinks to keep their sanity in the face of the horror of war.
In 1968, a Czech doctor with an active sex life meets a woman who wants monogamy, and then the Soviet invasion further disrupts their lives.

A troubled rock star descends into madness in the midst of his physical and social isolation from everyone.
An Iowa corn farmer, hearing voices, interprets them as a command to build a baseball diamond in his fields; he does, and the Chicago Black Sox come.
Harry and Sally have known each other for years, and are very good friends, but they fear sex would ruin the friendship.
The vampire comes to England to seduce a visitor's fiancée and inflict havoc in the foreign land.
A convicted rapist, released from prison after serving a 14 year sentence, stalks the family of the lawyer who originally defended him.
In the dreams of his victims, a spectral child murderer stalks the children of the members of the lynch mob that killed him.
Rose and Gregory, both Columbia University professors meet when Rose's sister answers Gregory's "personals" ad...
Oilman Jan is paralyzed in an accident. His wife, who prayed for his return, feels guilty; even more, when Jan urges her to have sex with another.
Captain Picard and his crew pursue the Borg back in time to stop them from preventing Earth's first contact with an alien species. They also make sure that Zefram Cochrane makes his famous maiden flight at warp speed.
Karl Childers, a simple man hospitalized since his childhood murder of his mother and her lover, is released to start a new life in a small town.
To get royal backing on a needed drainage project, a poor French lord must learn to play the delicate games of wit at court at Versailles.
A woman kidnaps puppies to kill them for their fur, but various animals then gang up against her and get their revenge in slapstick fashion.
John McClane, officer of the NYPD and hero of the Nakatomi Hostage Crisis, attempts to avert disaster as rogue military officials seize control of Dulles International Airport in Washington, D.C.
On the eve of retirement, Kirk and McCoy are charged with assassinating the Klingon High Chancellor and imprisoned. The Enterprise crew must help them escape to thwart a conspiracy aimed at sabotaging the last best hope for peace.
With the aid of the Enterprise crew, Admiral Kirk must stop an old nemesis, Khan Noonien Singh, from using his son's life-generating device, the Genesis Device, as the ultimate weapon.
Admiral Kirk and his bridge crew risk their careers stealing the decommissioned Enterprise to return to the restricted Genesis planet to recover Spock's body.
To save Earth from an alien probe, Admiral Kirk and his fugitive crew go back in time to 20th century Earth to retrieve the only beings who can communicate with it, humpback whales.
When a corrupt businessman and the grotesque Penguin plot to take control of Gotham City, only Batman can stop them, while the Catwoman has her own agenda.
A group of young gunmen, led by Billy the Kid, become deputies to avenge the murder of the rancher who became their benefactor. But when Billy takes their authority too far, they become the hunted.
A former SEAL, now cook, is the only person who can stop a gang of terrorists when they seize control of a US Navy battleship.
When a gigantic great white shark begins to menace the small island community of Amity, a police chief, a marine scientist and grizzled fisherman set out to stop it.
Earth is invaded by Martians with unbeatable weapons and a cruel sense of humor.
An irresponsible, drug-addicted, recently impregnated woman finds herself in the middle of an abortion debate when both parties attempt to sway her to their respective sides.
When a sports agent has a moral epiphany and is fired for expressing it, he decides to put his new philosophy to the test as an independent with the only athlete who stays with him.
When a childless couple of an ex-con and an ex-cop decide to help themselves to one of another family's quintupelets, their lives get more complicated than they anticipated.
Complex but lighthearted thriller about computers and cryptography, government and espionage, secrets and deception and betrayal.
The dimwitted teen duo of Beavis and Butt-Head travel across America in search of their stolen television set.
Three trappers protect a British Colonel's daughters in the midst of the French and Indian War.
Franta Louka is a concert cellist in Soviet-occupied Czechoslovakia, a confirmed bachelor and a lady's man...
The Naval Criminal Investigation Service's Office of Special Projects takes on the undercover work and the hard to crack cases in LA. Key agents are G. Callen and Sam Hanna, streets kids risen through the ranks.
Based on Peter Hoeg's bestseller, this film is set in snowy Copenhagen where a small boy is found dead after he fell off a roof...
A police officer uncovers the real identity of his house-guest, an I.R.A. terrorist in hiding.
Holden and Banky are comic book artists. Everything's going good for them until they meet Alyssa, also a comic book artist. Holden falls for her, but his hopes are crushed when he finds out she's gay.
The legendary Power Rangers must stop the evil space pirate Divatox from releasing the powerful Maligore...
Martin Blank is a professional assassin. He is sent on a mission to a small Detroit suburb, Grosse Pointe, and, by coincidence, his ten-year high school reunion party is taking place there at the same time.
A 1960s hipster secret agent is brought out of cryofreeze to oppose his greatest enemy in the 1990s, where his social attitudes are glaringly out of place.
In the colorful future, a cab driver unwittingly becomes the central figure in the search for a legendary cosmic weapon to keep Evil and Mr Zorg at bay.
A successful but unhappy Japanese accountant finds the missing passion in his life when he begins to secretly take ballroom dance lessons.
A research team is sent to the Jurassic Park Site B island to study the dinosaurs there while another team approaches with another agenda.
While subjected to the horrors of World War II Germany, young Liesel finds solace by stealing books and sharing them with others. In the basement of her home, a Jewish refugee is being sheltered by her adoptive parents.
Batman & Robin try to keep their relationship together even as they must stop Mr. Freeze and Poison Ivy from freezing Gotham City.
When a woman's long-time friend says he's engaged, she realizes she loves him herself... and sets out to get him, with only days before the wedding.
Chloe, a young woman, is going on holidays. She entrusts her beloved cat to Madame Renée's care. But...
A streetwise NYPD detective joins a secret organization that polices extraterrestrial affairs on Earth.
French and English detectives catch the opium smuggler who killed a novelist's wife.
George grows up in the jungle raised by apes. Based on the Cartoon series.
A rescue crew investigates a spaceship that disappeared into a black hole and has now returned...with someone or something new on-board.
A young boy and a talented stray dog with an amazing basketball playing ability become instant friends...
Two business executives--one an avowed misogynist, the other recently emotionally wounded by his love interest--set out to exact revenge on the female gender by seeking out the most innocent, uncorrupted girl they can find and ruining her life.
John Henry Irons designs weapons for the military. When his project to create weapons that harmlessly neutralize soldiers is sabotaged...
Three years ago entomologist Dr. Susan Tyler genetically created an insect to kill cockroaches carrying a virulent disease, now the insects are out to destroy their only predator, mankind!
In 1984, the USSR's best submarine captain in their newest sub violates orders and heads for the USA. Is he trying to defect, or to start a war?
An barbarian warrior becomes a king when he defeats a king in armed combat and the king's heir conspire to overthrow him and reclaim the throne by resurrecting an evil sorceress.

Holden and Banky are comic book artists. Everything's going good for them until they meet Alyssa, also a comic book artist. Holden falls for her, but his hopes are crushed when he finds out she's gay.
Six unemployed steel workers form a male striptease act. The women cheer them on to go for "the full monty" - total nudity.
A genetically inferior man assumes the identity of a superior one in order to pursue his lifelong dream of space travel.
Humans in a fascistic, militaristic future do battle with giant alien bugs in a fight for survival.
Will Hunting, a janitor at MIT, has a gift for mathematics but needs help from a psychologist to find direction in his life.
A group of professional bank robbers start to feel the heat from police when they unknowingly leave a clue at their latest heist.
An ugly duckling having undergone a remarkable change, still harbors feelings for her crush: a carefree playboy, but not before his business-focused brother has something to say about it.
Rich Mr. Dashwood dies, leaving his second wife and her three daughters poor by the rules of inheritance. The two eldest daughters are the titular opposites.
Ben Sanderson, an alcoholic Hollywood screenwriter who lost everything because of his drinking, arrives in Las Vegas to drink himself to death. There, he meets and forms an uneasy friendship and non-interference pact with prostitute Sera.
An aspiring young physician, Robert Merivel found himself in the service of King Charles II and saves the life of a spaniel dear to the King...
Romantic drama about a young career girl who is swept off her feet by a shy florist, who fell in love...
A narrator tells the story of his childhood years in a tightly knit Afro-American community in the deep south under racial segregation.
An ambitious young woman, determined to build a career in TV journalism, gets good advice from her first boss, and they fall in love.
Rafting expert Gail takes on a pair of armed killers while navigating a spectacularly violent river.
A young lawyer defends a black man accused of murdering two men who raped his 10-year-old daughter, sparking a rebirth of the KKK.
In rural 1800s England things go bad for a young matchmaker after she finds a man for another woman.
A washed up golf pro working at a driving range tries to qualify for the US Open in order to win the heart of his succesful rival's girlfriend.
Successful black woman traces her birth mother to a lower-class white woman, who denies it; emotions run high as everyone's secrets are exposed.
At the close of WWII, a young nurse tends to a badly-burned plane crash victim. His past is shown in flashbacks, revealing an involvement in a fateful love affair.
A leukemia patient attempts to end a 20-year feud with her sister to get her bone marrow.
A killer known as Ghostface begins killing off teenagers, and as the body count begins rising, one girl and her friends find themselves contemplating the "Rules" of horror films as they find themselves living in a real-life one.
The hit musical based on the life of Evita Duarte, a B-picture Argentinian actress who eventually became the wife of Argentinian president Juan Perón, and the most beloved and hated woman in Argentina.
Zookeepers struggle to deal with the policies of changing directors.
A career thief witnesses a horrific crime involving the U.S. President.
A dramatization of a 1923 horrific racist lynch mob attack on an African American community.
An FBI undercover agent infilitrates the mob and finds himself identifying more with the mafia life to the expense of his regular one.
A fast track lawyer can't lie for 24 hours due to his son's birthday wish after the lawyer turns his son down for the last time.
A man searches for his missing wife after his car breaks down in the middle of the desert.
Igor and his father, Roger, are making a decent living renting apartments to illegal immigrants and...
A reclusive beekeeper slowly pulls his dysfunctional family back together, but not without having to fight his son's previous dastardly cohorts.
To foil an extortion plot, an FBI agent undergoes a face-transplant surgery and assumes the identity and physical appearance of a ruthless terrorist, but the plan backfires when the same criminal impersonates the cop with the same method.
Black gangsters in 1930 Harlem fights Dutch Schultz who is trying to horn in on their numbers racket.
Hijackers seize the plane carrying the President of the United States and his family, but he - an ex-soldier - works from hiding to defeat them.
A midwestern teacher questions his sexuality after a former student makes a comment about him at the Academy Awards.
As corruption grows in 1950s LA, three policemen - one strait-laced, one brutal, and one sleazy - investigate a series of murders with their own brand of justice.
A reclusive beekeeper slowly pulls his dysfunctional family back together, but not without having to fight his son's previous dastardly cohorts.
A father and daughter decide to attempt to lead a flock of orphaned Canada Geese south by air.
1973, suburban Connecticut: middle class families experimenting with casual sex, drink, etc., find their lives out of control.
Queen Victoria is deeply depressed after the death of her husband, disappearing from public. Her servant Brown...
A hotshot lawyer gets more than he bargained for when he learns his new boss is Lucifer himself.
Two children in 1917 take a photograph, believed by some to be the first scientific evidence of the existence of fairies. Based on a true story.
Textile company heir Wayland is accused of murder of a prostitute named Elizabeth, whose body was found cut in two in the park...
An idealistic young lawyer and his cynical partner take on a powerful law firm representing a corrupt insurance company.
An impoverished woman who has been forced to choose between a privileged life with her wealthy aunt and her journalist lover, befriends an American heiress. When she discovers the heiress is attracted to her own lover and is dying, she sees a chance to have both the privileged life she cannot give up and the lover she cannot live without.
A visiting city reporter's assignment suddenly revolves around the murder trial of a local millionaire, whom he befriends.
A seventeen-year-old aristocrat, expecting to be married to a rich claimant by her mother, falls in love with a kind but poor artist aboard the luxurious, ill-fated R.M.S. Titanic.
Three young boys, Rocky, Colt and Tum Tum together with their neighbor girl, computer whiz Amanda are...
A boy blackmails his neighbour after suspecting him to be a Nazi war criminal.
A single mother/waitress, a misanthropic author, and a gay artist form an unlikely friendship after the artist is in an accident.
A man's coerced confession to an IRA bombing he did not commit results in the imprisonment of his father as well. An English lawyer fights to free them.
In Poland during World War II, Oskar Schindler gradually becomes concerned for his Jewish workforce after witnessing their persecution by the Nazis.
A New York girl sets her father up with a beautiful woman in a shaky marriage while her half sister gets engaged.
A horrific triple child murder leads to an indictment and trial of three nonconformist boys based on questionable evidence.
A neurotic, twice divorced sci-fi writer moves back in with his mom to solve his personal problems.
At a time of international incident, the body of a young female staffer is found in a White House wash room...
A vulcanologist arrives at a countryside named Dante's Peak after a long dormant volcano, which has recently been named the second most desirable place to live in America, and discovers that Dante's Peak, may wake up at any moment.
After a bizarre encounter at a party, a jazz saxophonist is framed for the murder of his wife and sent to prison, where he inexplicably morphs into a young mechanic and begins leading a new life.
After getting into a serious car accident, a TV director discovers an underground sub-culture of scarred, omnisexual car-crash victims who use car accidents and the raw sexual energy they produce to try to rejuvenate his sex life with his wife.
A female Senator succeeds in enrolling a woman into Combined Reconnaissance Team training where everyone expects her to fail.
The sheriff of a suburban New Jersey community populated by New York City policemen slowly discovers the town is a front for mob connections and corruption.
A man obsessed with conspiracy theories becomes a target after one of his theories turns out to be true. Unfortunately, in order to save himself, he has to figure out which theory it is.
San Francisco police officer Frank Connor is in a frantic search for a compatible bone marrow donor for his gravely ill son...
After surviving a brutal attack (Instrument used was a board with nails in it) by a student, teacher Trevor Garfield moves from New York to Los Angeles.
A billionaire and two other men are stranded, unequipped, by a plane crash in a dangerous wilderness. How many will survive to be rescued?
Police hunting for a serial killer are helped when a victim manages to escape for the first time.
Wealthy San Francisco financier Nicholas Van Orton gets a strange birthday present from wayward brother Conrad: a live-action game that consumes his life.
A young punk drifter heading to Vegas to pay off his gambling debt before the Russian mafia kills him, is forced to stop in a Arizona town where everything that can go wrong, does go wrong for him.
A playboy gets the tables turned on him when a party is arranged with all of the women he has been two-timing are in attendance.
Stripped of his medical license after performing an operation while high on amphetamines, famed LA surgeon...
A mentally unbalanced young woman (who thinks she's Jackie Kennedy) flips into a murderous rage when her brother returns home to reveal he's engaged.
The bumbling Mr. Bean travels to America when he is given the responsibility of bringing a highly valuable painting to a Los Angeles museum.
A disgruntled security guard holds a school trip group hostage, while a news reporter forms a bond with him.
The story of a young man's adventures in the Californian pornography industry of the late 1970s and early 1980s.
Werner Ernst is a young hospital resident who becomes embroiled in a legal battle between two half-sisters...
Murray is mistaken for a spy and must stop a plot to assasinate international leaders at a banquet.
200 years after her death, Ellen Ripley is revived as a powerful human/Alien hybrid clone who must continue her war against the Aliens.
After his happy life spins out of control, a preacher from Texas changes his name, goes to Louisiana and starts preaching on the radio.
Suffering from writer's block and eagerly awaiting his writing award, Harry Block remembers events from his past and scenes from his best-selling books as characters, real and fictional, come back to haunt him.
A flight attendant becomes a key figure in a plot between the police and an arms dealer.
Shortly before an election, a spin-doctor and a Hollywood producer join efforts to fabricate a war in order to cover up a presidential sex scandal.
San Francisco police officer Frank Connor is in a frantic search for a compatible bone marrow donor for his gravely ill son...
Set during a massive flood started by a dam accident in a small town, Tom () is an armored...
Homicide detective John Hobbes witnesses the execution of serial killer Edgar Reese. Soon after the execution the killings start again, and they are very similar to Reese's style.
Gabriel returns to try to destroy the human race he despises so much, with the help of a suicidal teen and the opposition of the angel Daniel.
World famous pop group The Spice Girls zip around London in their luxurious double decker tour bus having various adventures and performing for their fans.
A group of heavily armed hijackers board a luxury ocean liner in the South Pacific Ocean to loot it, only to do battle with a series of large-sized, tentacled, man-eating sea creatures who have taken over the ship first.
Robbie, the singer and Julia, the waitress are both engaged to be married but to the wrong people. Fortune intervenes to help them discover each other.
A spaceship is discovered under three hundred years' worth of coral growth at the bottom of the ocean.
A young boy who witnessed the suicide of a mafia lawyer hires an attorney to protect him when the district attorney tries to use him to take down a mob family.
Upon admittance to a mental institution, a brash rebel rallies the patients to take on the oppressive head nurse.
A mercenary is killed, but comes back from Hell as a reluctant soldier of the Devil.
An American naval officer is recruited for an operation to eliminate his lookalike, the infamous terrorist Carlos The Jackal.

Harry Donovan is an art forger who paints fake Rembrandt picture for $500,000. The girl he meets and gets into bed with in Paris...
Elwood must reunite the old band, with a few new members, and go on another "Mission from God."
A disgraced former fireman takes on a group of terrorists holding the Vice President and others hostage during the seventh game of the NHL Stanley Cup finals.
Pet detective Ace Ventura comes out of retirement to investigate the disappearance of a rare white bat, the symbol of an African tribe.
A young bald albino boy with unique powers shakes up the rural community he lives in.
An ex-Marine turned teacher struggles to connect with her students in an inner city school.
A rich high school student tries to boost a new pupil's popularity, but reckons without affairs of the heart getting in the way.
Moronic best friends get themselves locked inside the Bio-Dome, a science experiment, along with a group of environmental scientists for one year.
A gubernatorial candidate hires a wormy special assistant whose only job is to make sure the candidate's well-meaning but incompetent brother doesn't ruin the election.
A housemaid falls in love with Dr. Jekyll and his darkly mysterious counterpart, Mr. Hyde.
Photographer Robert Kincaid wanders into the life of housewife Francesca Johnson, for four days in the 1960s.
Jeffery, a young gay man in New York, decides that sex is too much and decided to become celibate. He...
In a dystopian future, Dredd, the most famous judge (a cop with instant field judiciary powers) is convicted for a crime he did not commit while his murderous counterpart escapes.
A giant egg is unearthed at a construction site and soon opened, releasing the terrible Ivan Ooze, who wreaks vengeance on Zordon for imprisoning him millennia ago. With Zordon dying and their powers lost, the Rangers head to a distant planet to find the mystic warrior Dulcea.
A young drifter, named Nomi, arrives in Las Vegas to become a dancer and soon sets about clawing and pushing her way to become the top of the Vegas showgirls.
Ellen's cousin, Tracy, arrives in town for a visit and that's only the start of incredibly bad troubles...
Mountain Rivera is at the end of his boxing career after a knockout by Cassius Clay in the seventh round...
A little girl discovers dreams do come true if you really believe. Six-year-old Susan has doubts about childhood's most enduring miracle - Santa Claus...
A man on the run is hunted by a demon known as the Collector.
Captain Picard, with the help of supposedly dead Captain Kirk, must stop a madman willing to murder on a planetary scale in order to enter an energy ribbon.
Muriel finds life in Porpoise Spit, Australia dull and spends her days alone in her room listening to Abba music and dreaming of her wedding day...
Two drag queens and a transsexual travel across the desert to perform their unique style of cabaret.
In this live-action feature of the cartoon show, Fred Flintstone finally gets the job he's always wanted, but it may just come at a price.
Frank Drebin comes out of retirement to help Police Squad infiltrate a gang of terrorists planning to detonate a bomb at the Academy Awards.
Harry Tasker is a secret agent for the United States Government. For years, he has kept his job from his wife, but is forced to reveal his identity and try to stop nuclear terrorists when he and his wife are kidnapped by the terrorists.
A comical Gothic horror-movie-type family tries to rescue their beloved uncle from his gold-digging new love.
Tale of 19th century New York high society in which a young lawyer falls in love with a woman separated from her husband, while he is engaged to the woman's cousin.
Axel Foley, while investigating a car theft ring, comes across something much bigger than that: the same men who shot his boss are running a counterfeit money ring out of a theme park in Los Angeles.

A mockumentary chronicling the rise and fall of a not particularly talented--or particularly bright but always controversial--1990s hip-hop group, NWH (Niggaz with Hats).
A young movie fan gets thrown into the movie world of his favourite action film character.
Chuck wants to leave home but can't make the grade for boarding school. Then he finds out the disfigured recluse living nearby is an ex-teacher.
After a bitter divorce, an actor disguises himself as a female housekeeper to spend time with his children held in custody by his former wife.
In 1939, WBN, a fourth radio network, is about to take to America's airwaves. As if the confusion of the premiere night wasn't enough...
A spoof of Robin Hood in general, and 'Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves' in particular.
A sweet mother takes a little too much at heart for the defence of her family.
Coming from a police family, Tom Hardy ends up fighting his uncle after the murder of his father. Tom believes the killer is another cop, and goes on the record with his allegations. Demoted then to river duty, the killer taunts Tom.
The Marios rush to save a princess from Koopa.
The three best of the disbanded Musketeers - Athos, Porthos, and Aramis - join a young hotheaded would-be-Musketeer...
Alfalfa is wooing Darla and his "He-Man-Woman-Hating" friends attempt to sabotage the relationship.
The original '70s TV family is now placed in the 1990s, where they're even more square and out of place than ever.
After being killed during a botched mugging, a man's love for his partner enables him to remain on earth as a ghost.
The Dark Knight of Gotham City begins his war on crime with his first major enemy being the clownishly homicidal Joker.
A living puppet, with the help of a cricket as his conscience, must prove himself worthy to become a real boy.
An American agent, under false suspicion of disloyalty, must discover and expose the real spy without the help of his organization.
A lawyer is cursed by a gypsy to lose weight...and lose weight...and lose weight...
General Rancor is threatening to destroy the world with a missile he is hiding at his secret base. But to complete his goal...
Wallace falls for Wendolene, a wool shop owner, while Gromit is framed for the sheep rustling.
Because of an unusual aging disorder that has aged him four times faster than a normal human being, a boy enters the fifth grade for the first time with the appearance of a 40 year old man.
A star bowler whose career was prematurely "cut off" hopes to ride a new prodigy to success and riches.
Grossly overweight Prof. Sherman Klump, desperate to lose weight takes a special chemical that turns him into the slim but obnoxious Buddy Love.
A man claiming to be Carol Brady's long-lost first husband, Roy Martin, shows up at the suburban Brady residence one evening...
The cryptkeeper returns to tell the story of a funeral parlor that moonlights as a vampire bordello.
A dissolute matinee idol is slated to appear on a live TV variety show.
Three orphan children strike gold in 1878 California.
A boy brings a yellow dog home. The dog loves the family as much as they love him, but can the love last ?
Teenage twin girls swap places and scheme to reunite their divorced parents.
When Cinderella's cruel stepmother prevents her from attending the Royal Ball, she gets some unexpected help from the lovable mice Gus and Jaq, and from her Fairy Godmother.
A magic nanny comes to work for a cold banker's unhappy family.
Alice stumbles into the world of Wonderland. Will she get home? Not if the Queen of Hearts has her way.
Shakespeare's famous play is updated to the hip modern suburb of Verona still retaining its original dialogue.
At long last, Aladdin is about to marry the Princess Jasmine. Despite the presence and encouragement of his friends Genie...
A troubled child summons the courage to help a friendly alien escape Earth and return to his home-world.
All the kids in a town over night become feverish and have convulsions. The next day they start to become evil...
A right-wing folksinger becomes a corrupt politician and runs a crooked election campaign. Only one independent muck-raking reporter is trying to stop him.
The Autobots must stop a colossal planet consuming robot who goes after the Autobot Matrix of Leadership. At the same time, they must defend themselves against an all-out attack from the Decepticons.
Atticus Finch, a lawyer in the Depression-era South, defends a black man against an undeserved rape charge, and his kids against prejudice.
Young, rich, and obsessed with death, Harold finds himself changed forever when he meets lively septuagenarian Maude at a funeral.
An alien lands and tells the people of Earth that they must live peacefully or be destroyed as a danger to other planets.
Rufus T. Firefly is named president/dictator of bankrupt Freedonia and declares war on neighboring Sylvania over the love of wealthy Mrs. Teasdale.
An immortal Scottish swordsman must confront the last of his immortal opponent, a murderously brutal barbarian who lusts for the fabled "Prize".
A collection of animated interpretations of great works of Western classical music.
Tony and Angela try hard to be welcoming to their smug new neighbors, Mark and Pam, but soon get into a bitter garden row...
A starship crew goes to investigate the silence of a planet's colony only to find two survivors and a deadly secret that one of them has.
Two Western bank/train robbers flee to Bolivia when the law gets too close.
Two American college students on a walking tour of Britain are attacked by a werewolf that none of the locals will admit exists.
Jacob Sterling brings home a mysterious clock from the infamous Amityville house, not knowing that it's haunted by demonic spirits.
A reporter moves into the ominous Long Island house to debunk it of the recent supernatural events and becomes besieged by the evil manifestations which are connected to a hell-spawn demon lurking in the basement.
An old mirror from the haunted Long Island house finds its way into a photographer's family where the evil soon manifests itself to cause more terror and mayhem.
A family moves into their new home, which proves to be evil, resulting in the demonic possession of the teenage son. Only the local priest can save him.
Newlyweds move into a house where a murder was committed, and experience strange manifestations which drive them away.
Wallace and his loyal dog, Gromit, set out to discover the mystery behind the garden sabotage that plagues their village and threatens the annual giant vegetable growing contest.
A wealthy San Francisco socialite pursues a potential boyfriend to a small Northern California town that slowly takes a turn for the bizarre when birds of all kinds suddenly begin to attack people there in increasing numbers and with increasing viciousness.
An alien lifeform consumes everything in its path as it grows and grows.
A ruthless doctor and his young prize student find themselves continually harassed by their murderous supplier of illegal cadavers.
Haunted house chiller from Dan Curtis has Oliver Reed and Karen Black as summer caretakers moving into gothic house with their young son...
A young, abused and timid 17-year-old girl discovers she has telekinesis, and gets pushed to the limit on the night of her school's prom by a humiliating prank.
Mysterious deaths surround an American ambassador. Could the child that he is raising actually be the anti-christ? The devil's own son?
When a destructive space entity is spotted approaching Earth, Admiral Kirk resumes command of the Starship Enterprise in order to intercept, examine and hopefully stop the intruder.
Captain Kirk and his crew must deal with Mr. Spock's long-lost half-brother who hijacks the Enterprise for an obsessive search for God at the center of the galaxy.
Good girl Sandy and greaser Danny fell in love over the summer. But when they unexpectedly discover they're now in the same high school, will they be able to rekindle their romance?
Police chief Brody must protect the citizens of Amity after a second monstrous shark begins terrorizing the waters.
The sons of police chief Brody must protect civilians at a Sea World theme park after a 35-foot shark becomes trapped in the park with them.
Difficult tale of poor, struggling South Carolinian mother & daughter, who each face painful choices with their resolve and pride...
This installment of Chan's Police Story series has our hero trying to locate a missing nuclear warhead.
An unlikely man raised by ninjas, goes against a counterfeiter with the help of the criminal's girlfriend.
A teenage Jesse and old friend Randolph try to foil an illegal whaler threatening Willy and his pregnant mate.
A biographical story of former U.S. president Richard Milhous Nixon, from his days as a young boy to his eventual presidency which ended in shame.
A South-African preacher goes to search for his wayward son who has committed a crime in the big city.
Freddie Gale is a seedy jeweler who has sworn to kill the drunk driver who killed his little girl.
A Brooklyn smoke shop is the center of neighborhood activity, and the stories of its customers.
This movie is about how life used to be in Mexico. It is a love story between Pedro and Tita, and why...
10-year-old Fiona is sent to live with her grandparents in a small fishing village in Donegal, Ireland...
New York actors rehearse Chekhov's "Uncle Vanya" in a dilapidated theatre.
An adaptation of Rudyard Kipling's classic tale of Mowgli the jungle boy who is raised by wolves after...
When a promised job for Texan Michael fails to materialise in Wyoming, Mike is mistaken by Wayne to be the hitman he hired to kill his unfaithful wife...
A father becomes worried when a local gangster befriends his son in the Bronx in the 1960s.
Rudy has always been told that he was too small to play college football. But he is determined to overcome the odds and fulfill his dream of playing for Notre Dame.
The day-to-day lives of a number of suburban Los Angeles residents.
A successful lawman's plans to retire anonymously in Tombstone, Arizona, are disrupted by the kind of outlaws he was famous for eliminating.
A US Army officer, despondent about a deadly mistake he made, investigates a female chopper commander's worthiness for the Medal of Honor.
The last dragon and a disillusioned dragonslaying knight must cooperate to stop an evil king who was given partial immortality.
An orphan with terrible aunts for guardians, befriends human like bugs who live inside a giant peach, who take the boy on a journey to New York City.
A New York girl sets her father up with a beautiful woman in a shaky marriage while her half sister gets engaged.
Renton, deeply immersed in the Edinburgh drug scene, tries to clean up and get out, despite the allure of the drugs and influence of friends.
Reunited by the death of a college friend, three divorced women seek revenge on the husbands who left them for younger women.
Story of a wonderful little girl, who happens to be a genius, and her wonderful teacher vs. the worst parents ever and the worst school principal imaginable.
When a rich woman's ex-husband and a tabloid-type reporter turn up just before her planned remarriage, she begins to learn the truth about herself.
A retired San Francisco detective suffering from acrophobia investigates the strange activities of an old friend's wife, all the while becoming dangerously obsessed with her.
A hapless New York advertising executive is mistaken for a government agent by a group of foreign spies, and is pursued across the country while he looks for a way to survive.
A man tries to rise in his company by letting its executives use his apartment for trysts, but complications and a romance of his own ensue.
When two musicians witness a mob hit, they flee the state in an all female band disguised as women, but further complications set in.
Set in unoccupied Africa during the early days of World War II: An American expatriate meets a former lover, with unforeseen complications.
A private detective takes on a case that involves him with three eccentric criminals, a gorgeous liar, and their quest for a priceless statuette.
A misogynistic and snobbish phonetics professor agrees to a wager that he can take a flower girl and make her presentable in high society.
A playboy becomes interested in the daughter of his family's chauffeur. But it's his more serious brother who would be the better man for her.
A bored and sheltered princess escapes her guardians and falls in love with an American newsman in Rome.
A hack screenwriter writes a screenplay for a former silent-film star who has faded into Hollywood obscurity.
A woman is asked to spy on a group of Nazi friends in South America. How far will she have to go to ingratiate herself with them?
When a reformed jewel thief is suspected of returning to his former occupation, he must ferret out the real thief in order to prove his innocence.
When Prince John and the Norman Lords begin oppressing the Saxon masses in King Richard's absence, a Saxon lord fights back as the outlaw leader of a rebel guerrilla army.
In the Salinas Valley, in and around World War I, Cal Trask feels he must compete against overwhelming...
Nick and Nora Charles, a former detective and his rich, playful wife, investigate a murder case mostly for the fun of it.
A newspaper editor uses every trick in the book to keep his ace reporter ex-wife from remarrying.
Adaptation of Jules Verne's novel about a Victorian Englishman who bets that with the new steamships and railways he can do what the title says.
An angel helps a compassionate but despairingly frustrated businessman by showing what life would have been like if he never existed.
While trying to secure a $1 million donation for his museum, a befuddled paleontologist is pursued by a flighty and often irritating heiress and her pet leopard "Baby."
In Africa during WW1, a gin-swilling riverboat owner/captain is persuaded by a strait-laced missionary to use his boat to attack an enemy warship.
Brick, an alcoholic ex-football player, drinks his days away and resists the affections of his wife, Maggie. His reunion with his father, Big Daddy, who is dying of cancer, jogs a host of memories and revelations for both father and son.
A father and daughter decide to attempt to lead a flock of orphaned Canada Geese south by air.
Ridiculed because of his enormous ears, a young circus elephant is assisted by a mouse to achieve his full potential.
When a bumbling New Yorker is dumped by his activist girlfriend, he travels to a tiny Latin American nation and becomes involved in its latest rebellion.
Bill McKay is a candidate for the U.S. Senate from California. He has no hope of winning, so he is willing to tweak the establishment.
A somewhat romanticized account of the career of the notoriously violent bank robbing couple and their gang.
An ex-tennis pro carries out a plot to murder his wife. When things go wrong, he improvises a brilliant plan B.
A rebellious young man with a troubled past comes to a new town, finding friends and enemies.
Disturbed Blanche DuBois moves in with her sister in New Orleans and is tormented by her brutish brother-in-law while her reality crumbles around her.
A partially idealized film of the controversial pornography publisher and how he became a defender of free speech for all people.
Christy Brown, born with cerebral palsy, learns to paint and write with his only controllable limb - his left foot.
A poor village under attack by bandits recruits seven unemployed samurai to help them defend themselves.
A flamboyant and controversial British military figure and his conflicted loyalties during his World War I service in the Middle East.
An angel tires of overseeing human activity and wishes to become human when he falls in love with a mortal.
Pulp novelist Holly Martins travels to shadowy, postwar Vienna, only to find himself investigating the mysterious death of an old friend, black-market opportunist Harry Lime.
Neurotic New York comedian Alvy Singer falls in love with the ditsy Annie Hall.
The claustrophobic world of a WWII German U-boat; boredom, filth, and sheer terror.
An American oil company sends a man to Scotland to buy up an entire village where they want to build a refinery. But things don't go as expected.
The life of a divorced television writer dating a teenage girl is further complicated when he falls in love with his best friend's mistress.
Tom Regan, an advisor to a Prohibition-era crime boss, tries to keep the peace between warring mobs but gets caught in divided loyalties.
Fred Dobbs and Bob Curtin, two Americans searching for work in Mexico, convince an old prospector to help them mine for gold in the Sierra Madre Mountains.
Allied P.O.W.s plan for several hundred of their number to escape from a German camp during World War II.
An in-depth examination of the ways in which the Vietnam War disrupts and impacts the lives of people in a small industrial town in Pennsylvania.
The story of three different men in a Louisiana prison and their eventual journey.
A man refuses to conform to life in a rural prison.
Dictator Adenoid Hynkel tries to expand his empire while a poor Jewish barber tries to avoid persecution from Hynkel's regime.
Private detective Philip Marlowe is hired by a rich family. Before the complex case is over, he's seen murder, blackmail, and what might be love.
When a Jewish prince is betrayed and sent into slavery by a Roman friend, he regains his freedom and comes back for revenge.
Biography of , the lawyer who became the famed leader of the Indian revolts against the British rule through his philosophy of nonviolent protest.
A photographer is trapped in Cambodia during tyrant Pol Pot's bloody "Year Zero" cleansing campaign, which claimed the lives of two million "undesirable" civilians.
A boy and his brother don't get along well. In order to let their ill mother rest, they're separated and sent each one with their relatives.
Two British soldiers in India decide to resign from the Army and set themselves up as deities in Kafiristan--a land where no white man has set foot since Alexander.
Pianist David Helfgott, driven by his father and teachers, has a breakdown. Years later he returns to the piano, to popular if not critical acclaim.
Two girlhood friends become sexual rivals at maturity.
When a happily married woman discovers a love letter written by her husband to an unknown party, she enlists her dysfunctional family to discover the truth.
A young man, Pat, visits the clan of gypsy-like grifters (Irish Travellers) in rural North Carolina from whom he is descended...
Maggie's and Sam's former partners are in love; she wants revenge and he wants his lost love back, so they work together to break up the happy couple.
An extremely captivating movie on how a little girl copes with her mother's death. She withdraws from all the people around her...
Two best friends living on the streets of Portland as hustlers embark on a journey of self discovery and find their relationship stumbling along the way.
The last surviving child of the Russian Royal Family hooks up with two con men to reunite with her grandmother, the Dowager Empress, while the undead Rasputin seeks her death.

A vengeful New York transit cop decides to steal a trainload of subway fares; his foster brother, a fellow cop, tries to protect him.
Three unknowing martial artists are summoned to a mysterious island to compete in a tournament whose outcome will decide the fate of the world.
An English soldier and the daughter of an Algonquin chief share a romance when English colonists invade seventeenth-century Virginia.
In 19th-century France, Jean Valjean, who for decades has been hunted by the ruthless policeman Javert after breaking parole, agrees to care for a factory worker's daughter. The decision changes their lives for ever.
Five different criminals face imminent death after botching a job quite badly.
Maximillian is the only survivor from a race of vampires on a Caribbean Island, and as a vampire, he must find a mate to keep the line from ending...
Terrorists steal nuclear warheads from the U.S. military but don't count on a pilot and park ranger spoiling their plans.
This film is based on a true story about a British teenager who allegedly poisoned family, friends, and co-workers...
A young boy must restore order when a group of bullies steal the magical book that acts as a portal between Earth and the imaginary world of Fantasia.
In the highlands of Scotland in the 1700s, Rob Roy tries to lead his small town to a better future,...
John McClane and a Harlem store owner are targeted by German terrorist Simon Gruber in New York City, where he plans to rob the Federal Reserve Building.
During a routine case in L.A., NY private investigator Harry D'Amour stumbles over members of a fanatic cult...
A message from outer space contains instructions on how to modify human DNA.
After returning from the war, Paul and a young woman meet on a bus as she's headed home from college...
In a future where the polar ice caps have melted and most of Earth is underwater, a mutated mariner fights starvation and outlaw "smokers," and reluctantly helps a woman and a young girl try to find dry land.
The story takes place in alternative America where the blacks are members of social elite, and whites are inhabitants of inner city ghettos...
The early career of legendary lawman Wild Bill Hickock is telescoped and culminates in his relocation in Deadwood and a reunion with Calamity Jane.
Farinelli, is the artistic name of Carlo Broschi, a young singer in Handel's time. He was castrated in his childhood in order to preserve his voice...
Two girls have an intense fantasy life; their parents, concerned the fantasy is too intense, separate them, and the girls take revenge.
A vampire tells his epic life story: love, betrayal, loneliness, and hunger.
Young Calvin Fuller is pulled into King Arthur's court by Merlin. His mission: to save Camelot. To do...
When Victor Frankenstein rejects the artificial man he just created, the monster escapes and later swears revenge.
Lady avenger returns to western town owned by a ruthless gunslinger hosting an elimination tournament.
Most of the passengers on an airplane disappear, and the remainder land the plane in a mysteriously barren airport.
A strange funeral director tells four strange tales of horror with an African American focus to three drug dealers he traps in his place of business.
A small town's women give birth to unfriendly alien children posing as humans.
CIA Analyst Jack Ryan is drawn into an illegal war fought by the US government against a Colombian drug cartel.
A demonic force has chosen Freddy Krueger as its portal to the real world. Can Heather play the part of Nancy one last time and trap the evil trying to enter our world?
A young cop must prevent a bomb exploding aboard a city bus by keeping its speed above 50 mph.
Publisher Will Randall becomes a werewolf and has to fight to keep his job.
Wyatt Earp is a movie about a man and his family. The movie shows us the good times and the bad times of one of the West's most famous individuals.
Prankster cops Chris and Bill are joined by a Gina from the DA's office to stakeout a lakeside home.
An Irish bomber escapes from prison and targets a member of the Boston bomb squad.
A teenage girl and her father discover alien clones are replacing humans on a remote U.S. military base in Alabama.
A surgeon becomes obsessed with the seductive woman he once had an affair with. Refusing to accept that she has moved on, he amputates her limbs and holds her captive in his mansion.
Shortly after their first western adventure, Mitch Robbins and his friends discover a treasure map that belonged to their late trail guide Curly and set out to discover its secrets.
A botched mid-air heist results in suitcases full of cash being searched for by various groups throughout the Rocky Mountains.
Aliens with conical crania come to Earth to observe human life.
A cop is brought out of suspended animation in prison to pursue an old ultra-violent enemy who is loose in a nonviolent future society.
A spoof of the late 80s and early 90s suspense thrillers and murder mysteries, including Basic Instinct...
When an English cartographer must tell a Welsh village that their mountain is only a hill, the offended community sets out to change that.
A journalist duo go on a tour of serial killer murder sites with two companions, unaware that one of them is a serial killer himself.
A mute woman along with her young daughter, and her prized piano, are sent to 1850s New Zealand for an arranged marriage to a wealthy landowner, and she's soon lusted after by a local worker on the plantation.
Detective Jack Grimaldi (Gary Oldman) takes us through his shattered life after encountering the most...
A young British girl born and raised in India loses her neglectful parents in an earthquake. She is returned to England to live at her uncle's estate...
Having gotten a taste of college life, a drastically changed farm girl returns home for Thanksgiving break with her best friend, a flamboyant party animal who is clearly a fish out of water in a small farm town.
A maverick skydiver and a former KGB agent team up to stop the Russian mafia from stealing gold.
In medieval France, young lawyer Richard Courtois leaves Paris for the simpler life in the country. However...
Belle, whose father is imprisoned by the Beast, offers herself instead and discovers her captor to be an enchanted prince.
An aging group of outlaws look for one last big score as the "traditional" American West is disappearing around them.
In the 22nd century, a scientist attempts to right the wrong his ancestor created: the puzzle box that opens the gates of Hell and unleashes Pinhead and his Cenobite legions.
An altar boy is accused of murdering a priest, and the truth is buried several layers deep.
Mary Giordano is a bright, intelligent student who goes to a catholic school. She also has a addiction...
A depiction of the brutal battle of Stalingrad, the Third Reich's 'high water mark', as seen through...
The life of an overweight, unhappy cook is changed after a kind, beautiful college drop-out comes to work as a waitress at he and his mother's road-side restaurant.
An all star baseball player becomes the unhealthy focus of a down on his luck salesman.
A deformed bell-ringer must assert his independence from a vicious government minister in order to help his friend, a gypsy dancer.
A Witness Protection specialist becomes suspicious of his co-workers when dealing with a case involving high-tech weapons.
Benny, a hapless grifter, is thrown off a train after cheating at cards, and into the life of Tanya...

The classical story of Robinson Crusoe, a man who is dragged to a desert island after a shipwreck
During the Spanish Civil War, an American allied with the Republicans finds romance during a desperate mission to blow up a strategically important bridge.
Three friends struggle to find work in Paris. However, things become more complicated when two of them fall in love with the same woman.
A wheelchair bound photographer spies on his neighbours from his apartment window and becomes convinced one of them has committed murder.
A spoiled heiress, running away from her family, is helped by a man who's actually a reporter looking for a story.
In the year before the 1904 St Louis World's Fair, the four Smith daughters learn lessons of life and love, even as they prepare for a reluctant move to New York.
An ingenue insinuates herself in to the company of an established but aging stage actress and her circle of theater friends.
A self-conscious bride is tormented by the memory of her husband's dead first wife.
A psychiatrist protects the identity of an amnesia patient accused of murder while attempting to recover his memory.
A father of a young woman deals with the emotional pain of her getting married, and the financial and organizational pain of arranging her wedding.
Weary of the conventions of Parisian society, a rich playboy and a youthful courtesan-in-training enjoy a platonic friendship, but it may not stay platonic for long.
A police detective falls in love with the woman whose murder he's investigating.
A plane crash delivers a group of people to the secluded land of Shangri-La -- but is it the miraculous utopia it appears to be?
A scatterbrained socialite hires a vagrant as a family butler...but there's more to Godfrey than meets the eye.
Sprawling epic covering the life of a Texas cattle rancher and his family and associates.
A man in London tries to help a counterespionage agent. But when the agent is killed and the man stands accused, he must go on the run to both save himself and also stop a spy ring which is trying to steal top secret information.
A group of people hide from bloodthirsty zombies in a farmhouse.
An elderly professor's ordered life spins dangerously out of control when he falls for a nightclub singer.
Emotions are ignited amongst the complacent townsfolk when a handsome drifter arrives in a small Kansas community on the morning of the Labour Day picnic.
Thriller about Guy Luthan (Hugh Grant), a British doctor working at a hospital in New York who starts...
A young man fresh out of law school tries to win a reprieve for his racist grandfather who is on death row.
Legends (and myths) from the life of famed American frontiersman Davey Crockett are depicted in this feature film edited from television episodes...
A Swiss family must survive being shipwrecked on a deserted island.
When a boy prays for a chance to have a family if the California Angels win the pennant, angels are assigned to make that possible.
Donald receives his birthday gifts, which include traditional gifts and information about Brazil (hosted by Zé Carioca) and Mexico (by Panchito, a Mexican Charro Rooster).
The wizard Merlin teaches a young boy who is destined to be King Arthur.
A serial killer returns to his hometown to stalk seven children who share the same birthday as the date he was allegedly put to rest.
When Robin and his Moorish companion come to England and the tyranny of the Sheriff of Nottingham, he decides to fight back as an outlaw.
After a prank goes disastrously wrong, a group of boys are sent to a detention center where they are brutalized; over 10 years later, they get their chance for revenge.

Comedy about an early 20th century car race across three continents.
A British soldier is kidnapped by IRA terrorists. He befriends one of his captors, who is drawn into the soldier's world.
Sophie is the survivor of Nazi concentration camps, who has found a reason to live in Nathan, a sparkling...
On Christmas Eve, an old miser named Ebenezer Scrooge is visited by the spirit of his former partner...
A documentary of insect life in meadows and ponds, using incredible close-ups, slow motion, and time-lapse photography...
A Northern California fishing town, built 100 years ago over an ancient leper colony, becomes shrouded by a killer fog containing zombie-like ghosts seeking revenge for their deaths.
In 1997, when the US President crashes into Manhattan, now a giant max. security prison, a convicted bank robber is sent in for a rescue.
After a bizarre and near fatal encounter with a serial killer, a television newswoman is sent to a remote mountain resort whose residents may not be what they seem.
In medieval France, some villagers challenge a man's claim of identity when he (as he says) returns home from some time in the army.
Danzig in the 1920s/1930s. Oskar Matzerath, son of a local dealer, is a most unusual boy. Equipped with...
The wife of an oafish restaurant owner becomes bored with her husband and considers an affair with a regular patron.
When soldiers in World War I refuse to continue with an impossible attack, their superior officers decide to make an example of them.
A small-time conman has torn loyalties between his estranged mother and new girlfriend--both of whom are high-stakes grifters with their own angles to play.
The owner of a drugstore is killed in a hold-up. The only witness who saw one of the murderers without his mask is Gregory...
A film that successfully argued that a man was wrongly convicted for murder by a corrupt justice system in Dallas County, Texas.
A chronicle of New York's drag scene in the 1980s, focusing on balls, voguing and the ambitions and dreams of those who gave the era its warmth and vitality.
A woman with a troubled past is drawn to a New England town where fairy tales are to be believed.
An elderly lord abdicates to his three sons, and the two corrupt ones turn against him.
A retired American boxer returns to the village where he was born in Ireland, where he finds love.
A former Prohibition-era Jewish gangster returns to the Lower East Side of Manhattan over thirty years later, where he once again must confront the ghosts and regrets of his old life.
A man seeks answers about life, death, and the existence of God as he plays chess against the Grim Reaper during the Black Plague.
Robert Gould Shaw leads the US Civil War's first all-black volunteer company, fighting prejudices of both his own Union army and the Confederates.
Two minor characters from the play, "Hamlet" stumble around unaware of their scripted lives and unable to deviate from them.
A stark, perverse story of murder, kidnapping, and police corruption in a Mexican border town.
A private detective hired to expose an adulterer finds himself caught up in a web of deceit, corruption and murder.
After the death of a friend, a writer recounts a boyhood journey to find the body of a missing boy.
When the police in a German city are unable to catch a child-murderer, other criminals join in the manhunt.
A former Korean War POW is brainwashed by Communists into becoming a political assassin. But another former prisoner may know how to save him.
Mark runs a pirate radio station and causes an uproar when he speaks his mind and enthralls fellow teens.
A drama critic learns on his wedding day that his beloved maiden aunts are homicidal maniacs, and that insanity runs in his family.
A housewife who is unhappy with her life befriends an old lady in a nursing home and is enthralled by the tales she tells of people she used to know.
A marshall, personally compelled to face a returning deadly enemy, finds that his own town refuses to help him.
A Chicago playwright uses self-hypnosis to find the actress whose vintage portrait hangs in a grand hotel.
Chance, a simple gardener, has never left the estate until his employer dies. His simple TV-informed utterances are mistaken for profundity.
A man wanders out of the desert after a four year absence. His brother finds him, and together they return to L.A...
Ripley continues to be stalked by a savage alien, after her escape pod crashes on a prison planet.
Udo Kier is without a doubt the sickliest of vampires in any director's interpretation of the Bram Stoker tale...
A stranger attempts to convince a happily married couple that their daughter is actually his daughter reincarnated.
A mental-patient, who is troubled with horrible nightmares, has escaped from his hospital. Now on the streets he can't help killing innocent people...
After losing his arm in a car accident, a criminal psychologist has it replaced with a limb that belonged to a serial killer.
A teenage girl and her father discover alien clones are replacing humans on a remote U.S. military base in Alabama.
Mary Shelley reveals the main characters of her novel survived: Dr. Frankenstein (goaded by an even madder scientist) builds his monster a mate.
The Candyman, a murderous soul with a hook for a hand, is accidentally summoned to reality by a skeptic grad student researching the monster's myth.
A lawyer's family is stalked by a man he once helped put in jail.
A young woman's sexual awakening brings horror when she discovers her urges transform her into a monstrous black leopard.
Vampire Count Orlok expresses interest in a new residence and real estate agent Hutter's wife. Silent classic based on the story "Dracula."
A Salem woman accuses her ex-lover's wife of witchcraft.
A documentary film about the exploits of the Tenth Mountain Division, an elite group of mountain soldiers...
A volcano erupts in downtown L.A., threatening to destroy the city.
A vengeful barbarian warrior sets off to get his revenge on the evil warlord who attacked his village and murdered his father when he was a boy.
An barbarian warrior becomes a king when he defeats a king in armed combat and the king's heir conspire to overthrow him and reclaim the throne by resurrecting an evil sorceress.
A demonic djinn attempts to grant its owner three wishes, which will allow him to summon his brethren to earth.
Four teens are in great danger one year after their car hits a stranger whose body they dump in the sea.
Fred Z. Randall is geeky and obnoxious spacecraft designer, who gets the chance to make his dream come...
Secret Service agent Frank Horrigan couldn't save Kennedy, but he's determined not to let a clever assassin take out this president.
When terrorists seize control of an airliner, an intelligence analyst accompanies a commando unit for a midair boarding operation.
A kidnapped boy strikes up a friendship with his captor: an escaped convict on the run from the law, headed by an honorable U.S. Marshal.
Retired Lieutenant Commander Quinton McHale spends his days puttering around the Caribbean in the old PT-73 selling homebrew...
Cleavers are an all-American family living in Ohio - wise father Ward, loving mother June, teen-age son Wally and 8-year-old "Beaver" Theodore...
An imprisoned IRA sniper is freed to help stop a brutal, seemingly "faceless" assassin from completing his next job.
True story of Heinrich Harrer, an Austrian mountain climber who became friends with the Dalai Lama at the time of China's takeover of Tibet.
A man struggles with memories of his past, including a wife he cannot remember, in a nightmarish world with no sun and run by beings with telekinetic powers who seek the souls of humans.
Comedy-drama about a widowed US president and a lobbyist who fall in love. It's all aboveboard, but "politics is perception" and sparks fly anyway.
Greed, deception, money, power, and murder occur between two mobster best friends and a trophy wife over a gambling empire.

Following graduation, a handful of college students do nothing and talk about it wittily.
The accidental shooting of a boy in New York leads to an investigation by the Deputy Mayor, and unexpectedly far-reaching consequences.
Film adaptation of street tough Jim Carroll's epistle about his kaleidoscopic free fall into the harrowing world of drug addiction...
Andrew Crocker-Harris is an embittered and disliked teacher of Greek and Latin at a British public school...
The March sisters live and grow in post-Civil War America.
Gwyn Marcus has always wanted a marriage like her parents. She has just accepted the proposal of her boyfriend Matt...
A documentary about the life and work of Leni Riefenstahl, a German film director most notorious for making the most effective propaganda films for the Nazis.
Ted, a stuffy white guy from Illinois working in sales for the Barcelona office of a US corporation...
Edwina has just moved into the neighborhood known as "Widows' Peak," so called due to the prevalent marital status of the residents...
Chile, second half of the 20th century. The poor Esteban marries Clara and they get a daughter, Blanca...
A silent film production company and cast make a difficult transition to sound.
One man's struggle to contain the curse he hides within... and his last-ditch attempt to free himself with the love of family...
This slow-paced gem is about the civilizing influence of Italy on beleaguered Londoners both male and...
A sexually repressed woman's husband is having an affair with her sister. The arrival of a visitor with a rather unusual fetish changes everything.
A maverick dancer risks his career by performing an unusual routine and sets out to succeed with a new partner.
A teenager has to deal with his girlfriend dumping him among family crises, homicidal paper boys, and a rival skier.
Isaac Geldhart is a Holocaust survivor who, overcome by grief at the recent death of his wife, seems...
A minor car accident drives two rival aluminum-siding salesmen to the ridiculous extremes of man versus man in 1963 Baltimore.
The evil Iago pretends to be friend of Othello in order to manipulate him to serve his own end in the film version of this Shakespeare classic.
Period piece. Very visually beautiful. The relationship dynamics are compelling and insightful.
Suzanne Stone is an aspiring TV personality who will do anything to be in the spotlight- including enlisting 3 teenagers to kill her husband.
After losing her job, making out with her soon-to-be former boss and finding out that her daughter plans to spend Thanksgiving with her boyfriend, Claudia Larson faces spending the holiday with her family.
When Annie Laird is selected as a juror in a big Mafia trial, she is forced by someone known as "The...
Out of work actor Joe volunteers to help try and save his sister's local church for the community by putting on a Christmas production of Hamlet...
The U.S. President, low in the opinion polls, gets talked into raising his popularity by trying to start a cold war against Canada.
Lancelot falls in love with Guinevere, who is due to be married to King Arthur. Meanwhile, a violent warlord tries to seize power from Arthur and his Knights of the Round Table.
Both dumped by their girlfriends, two best friends seek refuge in the local mall.
When he finds out his longtime girlfriend is pregnant, a commitment-phobe realizes he might have to change his lifestyle for better or much, much worse.
Jane is a night club singer, out of work. Robin is a quirky real estate agent looking for a ride-share to accompany her to California...
'Circle Of Friends' is set in 1950's Ireland. The movie focuses on Benny Hogan and her best friend, Eve Malone...
Elliot is going to the island of Eden to live out his submissive fantasies, but inadvertently photographs diamond smugglers at work...
Workaholic Thomas Johnson dies in a car accident and comes back to life as a dog. Remembering some of who he was...
The life and death of the legendary Ludwig van Beethoven. Beside all the work he is known for, the composer...
As part of a fertility research project, a male scientist agrees to carry a pregnancy in his own body.
In a remote woodland cabin, a small town doctor discovers Nell - a beautiful young hermit woman with many secrets.
Young Queen Margot finds herself trapped in an arranged marriage amidst a religious war between Catholics and Protestants. She hopes to escape with a new lover, but finds herself imprisoned by her powerful and ruthless family.
When Manny Singer's wife dies, his young daughter Molly becomes mute and withdrawn. To help cope with looking after Molly...
To avoid a potentially explosive scandal when the U.S. President goes into a coma, an affable temp agency owner with an uncanny resemblance, is put in his place.
Max is a trendy, pretty, young lesbian, who is having trouble finding love. A friend sets her up with Ely...
A young black woman discovers that her father was a sperm donor, and if that weren't bad enough, he's white.
When a man with AIDS is fired by his law firm because of his condition, he hires a homophobic small time lawyer as the only willing advocate for a wrongful dismissal suit.
C.S. Lewis, a world-renowned Christian theologian, writer and professor, leads a passionless life until he meets a spirited poet from the U.S.
The Gulf War, January 1991. Talila Katz, a yuppie Tel-Avivian advertizer falls in love with a clumsy food engineer called Noah Ne'eman...
Eddy and Stuart share two-thirds of a dormitory suite. Due to bureaucratic error, a woman named Alex is added to their room...
A man in a legal but hurtful business needs an escort for some social events, and hires a beautiful prostitute he meets... only to fall in love.
Jane Eyre is an orphan cast out as a young girl by her aunt, Mrs. Reed, and sent to be raised in a harsh charity school for girls...
A group of idealistic, but frustrated, liberals succumb to the temptation of murdering rightwing pundits for their political beliefs.
When a rich man's son is kidnapped, he cooperates with the police at first but then tries a unique tactic against the criminals.
Many years after the first film, the spirit of the Crow resurrects another man seeking revenge for the murder of his son.
Michael Collins plays a crucial role in the establishment of the Irish Free State in the 1920s, but becomes vilified by those hoping to create a completely independent Irish republic.
A member of the House of Lords dies, leaving his estate to his son. Unfortunately, his son thinks he is Jesus Christ. The other somewhat-more respectable members of their family plot to steal the estate from him. Murder and mayhem ensues.
Teenage geniuses deal with their abilities while developing a laser.
A mentally ill young woman finds her love in an eccentric man who models himself after Buster Keaton.
Simon Templar has no real family, no real home and Simon Templar isn't even his real name. Yet Simon Templar ...
Marcy is an assistant to Senator John McGlory, who is having problems with a re-election campaign. Desperate for Irish votes...
About a 1839 mutiny aboard a slave ship that is traveling towards the northeastern coast of America. Much of the story involves a court-room drama about the free man who led the revolt.
James Bond heads to stop a media mogul's plan to induce war between China and the UK in order to obtain exclusive global media coverage.
Failing to kill anymore because of his conscience, a troubled hit-man seeks aid from a forger to help him get papers to China. However, the drug-lord has hired replacements to finish the job and kill the hit-man.
Russia, 1936: revolutionary hero Colonel Kotov is spending an idyllic summer in his dacha with his young...
An American attorney on business in China, ends up wrongfully on trial for murder and his only key to innocence is a female defense lawyer from the country.
When two kids find and play a magical board game, they release a man trapped for decades in it and a host of dangers that can only be stopped by finishing the game.
In this sequel to "Father of the Bride", George Banks must accept the reality of what his daughter's ascension from daughter to wife...
A young Russian boy, Thomas Minton, travels to New York as a passenger on a Russian freighter. Close...
Jobe is resuscitated by Jonathan Walker. He wants Jobe to create a special computer chip that would...
Max Kirkpatrick is a cop who protects Kate McQuean, a civil law attorney, from a renegade KGB team out to terminate her.
(SIRIUS 6B, Year 2078) On a distant mining planet ravaged by a decade of war, scientists have created the perfect weapon: a blade-wielding...
An unimpressive, every-day man is forced into a situation where he is told to kill a politician to save his kidnapped daughter.
A piano player at a crossroads in his life returns home to his friends and their own problems with life and love.
A rejected hockey player puts his skills to the golf course to save his grandmother's house.
Joe and Lucy are roommates and best friends. Lucy, whose love life is embarrassingly dull, convinces Joe...
A successful executive and womanizer finds his lifestyle choices have turned back on him when his new female boss turns out to be an even bigger deviant then he is.
Mockumentary look at Playgirl Magazine centerfold and 1992 Man of the Year, Dirk Shafer, who kept it a secret from the magazine that he is gay...
A New York philosophy grad student turns into a vampire after getting bitten by one, and then tries to come to terms with her new lifestyle and frequent craving for human blood.
A paranormal expert and his daughter bunk in an abandoned house populated by 3 mischievous ghosts and one friendly one.
When an expedition to the African Congo ends in disaster, a new team is assembled to find out what went wrong.
An Afro-American man is hired to find a woman and gets mixed up in a murderous political scandal.
A data courier, literally carrying a data package inside his head, must deliver it before he dies from the burden or is killed by the Yakuza.
A day in the life of a group of teens as they travel around New York City skating, drinking, smoking, and deflowering virgins.
Billy Hughes, a mute makeup artist working on a slasher film being shot in Moscow, is locked in the studio after hours...
The angel Gabriel comes to Earth to collect a soul which will end the stalemated war in Heaven, and only a former priest and a little girl can stop him.
A woman's world is rocked when she discovers her husband is cheating on her.
In an unexplained act of charity, Jeanne Holman, picks up an injured, apparent tramp and takes him home to care for him little realising who he was or the effect he would have on her life and those of her family.
A troubled couple and their blind daughter come to Italy to visit a 12th Century castle they've inherited...
The great lover Don Juan comes to the assistance of his queen.
A tough cop teams up with a professional skydiver to capture a renegade computer hacker on the run from the law.
The cross-country adventures of two good-hearted but incredibly stupid friends.
A woman flies to France to confront her straying fiancé, but gets into trouble when the charming crook seated next to her uses her for smuggling.
This film tells a bitter tale of a dysfunctional family. Joshua, a cold-blooded professional killer...
Young Frank and his pals get an idea for the ultimate in excitement. They decide to pool their savings...
Scientists create a resonator to stimulate the pineal gland (sixth sense), and open up a door to a parallel (and hostile) universe...
Destiny. Faith (Marisa Tomei) believes that two soul-mates can be united if they find each other. From the Ouija board...
In an attempt to secure a sponsor, an unlikely group of Cuban refugees become a "family" as the U.S...
An elderly yet young-at-heart man moves in with his grandson, and both their lives turn upside-down.
Just why are people surrounding Adam Pratman dropping down dead? Is this five year old really a murderous sociopath?
Gene Siskel and Roger Ebert review  (1995),  (1995),  (1995),  (1995) and  (1994).
An incompetent, immature, and dimwitted heir to an auto parts factory must save the business to keep it out of the hands of his new, con-artist relatives and big business.
It's the story about seven very different best friends, and one summer that will bring them together like never before.
In 1920s New York, a struggling playwright is forced to cast a mobster's talentless girlfriend in his latest drama in order to get it produced.
From Spike Lee comes this vibrant semi-autobiographical portrait of a school-teacher, her stubborn jazz-musician husband and their five kids living in '70s Brooklyn.
A police officer promises to share his lottery ticket with a waitress in lieu of a tip.
The richest kid in the world, Richie Rich, has everything he wants, except companionship. While representing his father at a factory opening...
Two political speechwriters fall in love before they find out they are working for candidates on opposite sides.
An officer for a security agency that regulates time travel, must fend for his life against a shady politician who has a tie to his past.
Nelson Crowe is a CIA operative under the thumb of the Company for a disputed delivery of $50,000 in gold...
With the loss of Patroclus (his undeclared male lover), Greek warrior Achilles returns to the Trojan War.
An insurance investigator begins discovering that the impact a horror writer's books have on his fans is more than inspirational.
Jimmy Dolan is a college basketball coach who wants a big promotion. To get it, he needs to make a dramatic find...
A woman hires a drifter as her guide through New Orleans in search of her father, who has gone missing. They discover a deadly game of cat and mouse behind his disappearance in the process.
The final movie in Oliver Stone's Vietnam trilogy follows the true story of a Vietnamese village girl...
Jimmy Alto is an actor wannabe who stumbles into the role of a lifetime. He becomes a vigilante crime-fighter...
A middle-aged couple suspects foul play when their neighbor's wife suddenly drops dead.
A young street hustler attempts to escape the rigors and temptations of the ghetto in a quest for a better life.
In this film, we see the world through the eyes of main character Justice, a young African-American poet. A mail carrier invites a few friends along for a long overnight delivery run.
Several players from different backgrounds try to cope with the pressures of playing football at a major university. Each deals with the pressure differently, some turn to drinking, others to drugs, and some to studying.
At the offices of a Japanese corporation, during a party, a woman, who's evidently a professional mistress...
In 30's New York City, the Shadow battles his nemesis, Shiwan Khan, who is building an atomic bomb.
A collection of vignettes highlighting different aspects of the life, work, and character of the acclaimed Canadian classical pianist.
The true story of how a marine sea lion named Andre befriended a little girl and her family, circa 1962.
A documentary surveying the various Hollywood screen depictions of homosexuals and the attitudes behind them throughout the history of North American film.
Art Kane, now deceased, coordinated a group photograph of all the top jazz musicians in NYC in the year 1958...
Melanie Parker, an architect and mother of Sammy, and Jack Taylor, a newspaper columnist and father of Maggie...
The Candyman arrives in New Orleans and sets his sights on a young woman whose family was ruined by the immortal killer years before.
A first person narrative of the exploits of a gay serial killer in deeply disturbing, controversial drama about violence...
This Spike Lee film examines the life of an aspiring actress in New York. She is upset by the treatment...
Eddie is a New York limo driver and a fanatical follower of the New York Knicks professional basketball team...
Michael Jordan agrees to help the Looney Toons play a basketball game vs. alien slavers to determine their freedom.
Connie Doyle is eighteen and pregnant her boyfriend has kicked her out. She accidentaly ends up on a...
An old married man leaves his wife for a younger woman. Shortly after, his ex-wife also begins a relationship with a younger partner. The film follows their struggles to find love amongst each other.
In 1950's Los Angeles, a special crime squad of the LAPD investigates the murder of a young woman.
When the champ's promoter, Rev. Sultan, decides something new is needed to boost the marketability of the boxing matches...
Zane, an astronomer discovers intelligent alien life. But the aliens are keeping a deadly secret, and will do anything to stop Zane from learning it.
The Phantom, descendent of a line of African heroes, travels to New York to thwart a criminal genius.
Disaster in a New York tunnel as explosions collapse both ends of it. One hero tries to help the people inside find their way to safety.
Jake Barnes and his two kids, Sean and Jessie, have moved to Alaska after his wife died. He is a former...
Two prisoners chained together flee during an escape attempt gone bad.
Upon learning that his father has been kidnapped, Austin Powers must travel to 1975 and defeat the aptly-named villain Goldmember - who is working with Dr. Evil.
Snake Plissken is once again called in by the United States government to recover a potential doomsday device from Los Angeles, now an autonomous island where undesirables are deported.
Recently orphaned, a young boy is taken in by his godmother who is shocked to realize that she can see the boy's imaginary friend: a flamboyant, French magician named Bogus.
Two criminals, Keats and Moses, end their friendship when Keats turns out to be an undercover cop. Years later the two are forced to work together when Keats is assigned to protect Moses as a witness.
Six years ago, Michael Myers terrorized the town of Haddonfield, Illinois. He and his niece, Jamie Lloyd...
Mimi Glossop wants a divorce so her Aunt Hortense hires a professional to play the correspondent in apparent infidelity...
A stern Russian woman sent to Paris on official business finds herself attracted to a man who represents everything she is supposed to detest.
A man needing money agrees to impersonate a nonexistent person who said he'd be committing suicide as a protest, and a political movement begins.
DS Steve Arnott is transferred to the police anti-corruption unit after the death of a man in a mistaken shooting during a counter-terrorist operation by another cop.

A drifting gunslinger-for-hire finds himself in the middle of an ongoing war between the Irish and Italian mafia in a Prohibition era ghost town.
Two cops, played by Seagal and Wayans, are forced to work together to solve a chain of mysterious killings by a killer nicknamed "The Family Man"
A young girl comes to an embittered town and confronts its attitude with her determination to see the best in life.
A teenage boy is cursed with periodically turning into an sheepdog.
A twisted take on 'Little Red Riding Hood' with a teenage juvenile delinquent on the run from a social worker traveling to her grandmother's house and being hounded by a charming, but sadistic, serial killer/pedophile.
A Pennsylvania band scores a hit in 1964 and rides the star-making machinery as long as it can, with lots of help from its manager.
David loves his wife, Gillian. Unfortunately, she died two years ago. David deals with his grief by...
Al Pacino's deeply-felt rumination on Shakespeare's significance and relevance to the modern world through interviews and an in-depth analysis of "Richard III."
After being hired to find an ex-con's former girlfriend, Philip Marlowe is drawn into a deeply complex web of mystery and deceit.
A young hot-shot stock car driver gets his chance to compete at the top level.
The filmmakers follow Oliver North's unsuccessful 1994 bid for a Virginia Senate seat, focusing on North's campaign strategist...
The murderous fisherman with a hook is back to once again stalk the two surviving teens, Julie and Ray, who left him for dead, as well as cause even more murder and mayhem, this time at a posh island resort.

A young man's mother is bitten by a Sumatran rat-monkey. She gets sick and dies, at which time she comes back to life, killing and eating dogs, nurses, friends, and neighbors.
The population of a small town disappears and is replaced by aliens that chase human flesh for their intergalactic fast-food chain.
Two tapes, two Parisian mob killers, one corrupt policeman, an opera fan, a teenage thief, and the coolest philosopher ever filmed. All these characters twist their way through an intricate and stylish French language thriller.
An anthology of 5 different cab drivers in 5 American and European cities and their remarkable fares on the same eventful night.
After discovering her boyfriend is married, Carly soon meets the wife he's been cheating on. And when yet another affair is discovered, all three women team up to plot mutual revenge on the three-timing SOB.
A children's doll house, which is a miniature of the infamous haunted Long Island house, is given to a young girl where the demonic evil soon comes out to cause more terror.
A group of nine college students staying at a friend's remote island mansion begin to fall victim to an unseen murderer over the April Fool's day weekend.
A New York psychiatrist finds that a voodoo cult, which believes in child sacrifice, has a keen interest in his own son.
Jonathan and Lucy live in Wismar and the Count wants a house there. Varna is a port on the Black Sea, close to Dracula's castle.
A father decides to dream the impossible; to get a Turbo Man action figure for his son just before Christmas.
In the late 1930s, in Ferrara, Italy, the Finzi-Contini are one of the leading families, wealthy, aristocratic...
Two former U. S. Presidents, hated rivals, join forces to expose the current, corrupt President at the risk of their lives.
1973, suburban Connecticut: middle class families experimenting with casual sex, drink, etc., find their lives out of control.
Two tabloid reporters checking out a report of the Archangel Michael living with an old woman find that it's true. But that's not the only surprise.
In Texas in the 1930s, young schoolteacher Novalyne Price meets a handsome, eccentric, interesting young man named Robert Howard...

After a one night stand with Isabel, Alex realizes that she is pregnant and they decide to get married. However, along with the marriage comes compromise of one's own cultural traditions.
When Juvenal, a presumed miracle worker, appears on the scene Bill Hill attempts to exploit him but...
In the fourth outing for the vacation franchise, the Griswolds have to survive Vegas fever when they go to Las Vegas for a fun family vacation.
Darius Lovehall is a young black poet in Chicago who starts dating Nina Moseley, a beautiful and talented photographer...
A young advertising executive's life becomes increasingly complicated when, in order to impress her boss, she pretends to be engaged to a man she has just met.
2 young women reunite and rekindle their friendship after having said goodbye at their college graduation, six years earlier.
Maureen is pregnant and her husband Eddie is missing. Nervous, Maureen shares a couple of drinks with neighbor Kiefer...
Sought by police and criminals, a small-time huckster makes a deal with a TV newsman for protection.
Emily has always been the rich brat who tries to pull every imaginable stunt to get attention. But one day...
A maid is kidnapped and scratches a message onto D.C. the cat's collar and when his owner Patti discovers this, she plays amateur detective with the help of D.C. to try to find the culprits.
A US Army colonel and a civilian woman supervising him must track down stolen Russian nuclear weapons before they're used by terrorists.
Matriarch Mama Joe has held her family together for 40 years around a Sunday dinner of soul food. When diabetes hospitalizes her...
Sought by police and criminals, a small-time huckster makes a deal with a TV newsman for protection.
Catherine Sloper has found the man of her dreams in Morris Townsend, but her plans to marry him are strongly opposed by her father...
Karchy (Brad Renfro) is a boy in school who has moved from Hungary to America in the 1960's. He is struggling...
This film documents Neil Young and Crazy Horse's 1996 concert tour. Jim Jarmusch interviews the band about their long history, and we see backstage footage from the 1970s and 1980s.
150 dead and 350 missing in the tiny mountain town of Snowfield, Colorado. And that's only the beginning...
Ewan McGregor stars as a cleaning man in L.A. who takes his boss' daughter hostage after being fired and replaced by a robot...
The story is set in 1962 Louisiana. The Batiste family is headed by charming doctor Louis. Though he is married to beautiful Roz...
Los-Angeles commercials director Max visits his friend, artist Charlie, who was diagnosed with AIDS in New York...
On a trip to Paris Sally meets Pablo, a tango dancer. He starts teaching her to dance then she returns to London to work on some "projects"...
A group of martial arts warriors have only six days to save the Earth from an extra-dimensional invasion.
Max is gay and as such is sent to Dachau concentration camp under the Nazi regime. He tries to deny...
An absent-minded professor discovers "flubber," a rubber-like super-bouncy substance.
A real estate hustler and his wife hide from the IRS among the Amish.
Alex Pruitt, a young boy of nine living in Chicago, fend off thieves who seek a top-secret chip in his toy car to support a North Korean terrorist organization's next deed.
Two years after the events of the first film, a new psychopath dons the "Ghost face" costume and a new string of murders begin.
This film documents the effects of a tragic bus accident on the population of a small town.
Wanted by the mafia, a new York City bike messenger escapes into the world of parkour after meeting a beautiful stranger.
A drifter with no name finds a Jeep with the skeleton of a postman and a bag of mail and dons the postman's uniform and bag of mail as he begins a quest to inspire hope to the survivors living in the post apocalyptic America.
A recent widow who is determined to leave Scotland for Australia with her son gets an unexpected visit from her aging mother.
From childhood to adulthood, Tibet's fourteenth Dalai Lama deals with Chinese oppression and other problems.
The myopic millionaire defeats jewel smugglers in his usual bumbling manner.
"Dude" Lebowski, mistaken for a millionaire Lebowski, seeks restitution for his ruined rug and enlists his bowling buddies to help get it.
A handyman with marital problems meets a housewife with the same.
Ludovic is a small boy who cross-dresses and generally acts like a girl, talks of marrying his neighbor's...
Modernization of Charles Dickens classic story finds the hapless Finn as a painter in New York pursuing his unrequited and haughty childhood love.
In mid-1800's England, Oscar is a young Anglican priest, a misfit and an outcast, but with the soul of an angel...
Two supermarket clerks and their evil manager must track down the world's biggest rat.
The story of three not so bright men who come up with a series of crazy schemes to get a friend out of jail.
A Venetian courtesan becomes a hero to her city, but later becomes the target of an inquisition by the Church for witchcraft.
The family of Raymond, his wife Val and her brother Billy live in working-class London district. Also...
A retired ex-cop and private detective (Newman) who lives with a rich actor (Hackman) who is dying from...
US Marshal Samuel Gerard (Jones) and his team of Marshals are assigned to track down Sheridan (Snipes), a murderer and robber.
Giles De'Ath is a widower who doesn't like anything modern. He goes to movies and falls in love with film star...
A police detective uncovers a conspiracy behind a case involving a high school guidance counselor, when accusations of rape are made against him by two female students.
A man joins the political campaign of a smooth-operator candidate for president of the USA.
The Robinson family was going into space to fight for a chance for humanity. Now they are fighting to live long enough to find a way home.
Shadowy elements in the NSA target a nine-year old autistic savant for death when he is able to decipher a top secret code.
Inspired by the modern classic, Wings of Desire, City involves an angel (Cage) who is spotted by a doctor in an operating room. Franz plays Cage's buddy who somehow knows a lot about angels.
A scientist in a surrealist society kidnaps children to steal their dreams, hoping that they slow his aging process.
It's a hot summer day in 1933 in South Philly, where 12-year old Gennaro lives with his widowed mom and his ailing grandpa...
The story of two men, who met as apprentices in the Peking Opera, and stayed friends for over 50 years.
On the run after murdering a man, accountant William Blake encounters a strange North American man named Nobody who prepares him for his journey into the spiritual world.
China in the 1920's. After her father's death, nineteen year old Songlian is forced to marry Chen Zuoqian...
Teenage boys discover discipline and camaraderie on an ill-fated sailing voyage.
Unsuccessfully framed for his wife's murder, Dr. David Krane attempts to find the real culprit by utilizing...
Lt. Cmdr. Tom Dodge is assigned as Captain to the USS Stingray, an old diesel driven submarine that has seen better days...
Leo Macias writes sentimental novels with great success but hidden under a pseudonym, Amanda Gris. She...
A newcomer to a Catholic prep high school falls in with a trio of outcast teenage girls who practice witchcraft and they all soon conjure up various spells and curses against those who even slightly anger them.
Harriet M. Welsch is a spy. But when Harriet's friends find her secret notebook the tables are turned on her. Can she win her friends back and still keep on going with the spy business?
Two researchers in a green alternative energy project are put on the run when they are framed for murder and treason.
After being rescued and brought to an island, a man discovers that it's inhabitants are experimental animals being turned into strange looking humans, all of it the work of a visionary doctor.
Luke Davenport is the thirteen-year-old son of Paul Davenport, the President of the United States, and first lady Linda Davenport...
New York City, the 1930s. A powerful crime family is caught in a lethal crossfire between union organizers and brutal corporate bosses...
Good natured Reverend Henry Biggs finds that his marriage to choir mistress Julia is flagging, due to...
Fact-based recounting of a group of women who are imprisoned on the island of Sumatra by the Japanese during World War II and used music as a relief to their misery.
The coal mine in a northern English village may be closing, which would also mean the end of the miners' brass band.
"King Lear" set on a farm in Iowa.
Greg Kinnear plays a carriage-shy husband in a romantic comedy about a couple trying to conceive a child.
An eager and idealistic young attorney defends an Alcatraz prisoner accused of murdering a fellow inmate. The extenuating circumstances: his client had just spent over three years in solitary confinement.
Three band members hoping for a big break head to a radio station to play their demo tape and wind up holding everyone hostage with plastic guns when the head DJ refuses to play them.
Convinced his thesis will have him graduate with honors from Harvard University, a stuffy student finds himself at the mercy of a homeless man's demands when he holds the papers hostage.
The story of rock singer Tina Turner and how she rose to stardom with her abusive husband Ike Turner and how she gained the courage to break free.
The town's most hard-boiled citizens cross paths with some of its more reviled inhabitants.
A down-on-his-luck businessman desperately takes the only job offered - a teacher in the U.S. Army....
Romance and suspense in Paris, as a woman is pursued by several men who want a fortune her murdered husband had stolen. Who can she trust?
Two childhood friends find themselves forced to become enemies.
Enzo and Jacques have known each other for a long time. Their friendship started in their childhood days in the Mediterranean...
Two friends who have gone too long without sex set out to get some.
Bride-to-be Finn Dodd hears tales of romance and sorrow from her elders as they construct a quilt.
Sadie is desperately looking up to her older sister Georgia who is a famous C&W artist. Sadie wants to be a famous artist like her sister...
On his ninth birthday a boy receives many presents. Two of them first seem to be less important: an...
Wayne Wang's follow-up movie to Smoke presents a series of improvisational situations strung together...
Steven Lidz, unhappy with his home life since his mother got sick, goes and lives with his two crazy Uncles...
Isaac Mizrahi, one of the most successful designers in high fashion, plans his fall 1994 collection...
A young man and woman meet on a train in Europe, and wind up spending one evening together in Vienna. Unfortunately, both know that this will probably be their only night together.
Sully is a rascally ne'er-do-well approaching retirement age. While he is pressing a worker's compensation suit for a bad knee...
All the while, Master Chu tries to find his place in the foreign American world.
One Life to Live premiered in 1968, centering on the lives of the citizens of the fictional town of Llanview...
The adventures of incoming high school and junior high students on the last day of school, in May of 1976.
Johnny flees Manchester for London, to avoid a beating from the family of a girl he has raped. There he finds an old girlfriend...

Ruby, a young woman, arrives in a Florida resort town during the off season to make a fresh start. She...
Twenty-five years after commiting a double murder, Karl Childers is going to be released from an institution for the criminally insane...
For 16 years Miss Bentley has been spending April at an elegant hillside villa on Lake Como. This year...
An impromptu fashion shoot at a book store brings about a new fashion model discovery in the shop clerk.
A couple falls in love and agrees to meet in six months at the Empire State Building - but will it happen?
An American boy turns out to be the long-lost heir of a British fortune. He is sent to live with the cold and unsentimental lord who oversees the trust.
An illiterate stooge in a traveling medicine show wanders into a strange town and is picked up on a vagrancy charge...
Winnie the Pooh and his friends experience high winds, heavy rains, and a flood in Hundred Acre Wood.

Greek Sea, World War II. An Italian ship leaves a handful of soldiers in a little island; their mission...
May-Alice Culhane was a successful soap opera star, but a car accident has left her bound to a wheelchair...
A series of still photographs taken by 'Linda McCartney' of the Grateful Dead at the Dead's house in Haight-Ashbury and at a concert in Central Park...
Karen McCann's eldest daughter is raped and murdered whilst on the phone with her. When the case against Robert Doob...
When Nicole met David; handsome, charming, affectionate, he was everything. It seemed perfect, but soon she sees that David has a darker side. And his adoration turns to obsession, their dream into a nightmare, and her love into fear.
Mario Van Peebles stars as an android killing weapon designed by the military and utilized to enter into a Latin American war to destroy the rebels...
After a botched mission in Cuba, professional mercenary Shale and his crew Joey Six, Hollan, Rem, and Wellman head home to Miami...
Ex-detective Dave Robicheaux has made a new life for himself and his wife Annie running a bait shop in the outskirts of New Orleans...
How tenuous is man's hold on civilization when survival becomes an issue? When the lights go out and stay out for several days...
An American spy behind the lines during WWII serves as a Nazi propagandist, a role he cannot escape in his future life as he can never reveal his real role in the war.
Vusi Madlazi returns to the South African village he left as a young boy (he was organizing against apartheid...
A policeman takes his twin brother's place and inherits his problems and a beautiful girlfriend. He...
A rich man's wife finds she has a bad prenuptial agreement with an even worse husband. Over drinks with a stranger...
Bobby Bishop (Sheen) is a special assistant to the President of the United States. Accidentally, he meets his friend professor Pochenko on the street...
A man who has failed as a father and husband commits a heist to make money for his fledging business, but things become complicated when his wife interferes.
After a shootout on a flight transporting prisoners, a stewardess must outwit a smooth-talking serial killer and land the plane herself.
William Smith, a middle-class school teacher from a suburb in London, returns home one day to find his...
A New York cosmetologist mistakenly thought to be a science teacher is offered a job to teach the children of an Eastern European dictator.
Danny, an ambitious singing/dancing cat, goes to Hollywood and overcomes several obstacles to fulfill his dream of becoming a movie star.
Anna (Marceau) is a wife and mother who has an affair with the handsome Count Vronsky (Bean). Based on the novel by Tolstoy.
Richter Boudreau is a son of local celebrity Cynthia who is not very successful and works as a film critic for local newspaper...
A prominent judge, his wife, her ex-lover, their neighbor and a dead body that complicates their lives.
The son of the Greek Gods Zeus and Hera is stripped of his immortality as an infant and must become a true hero in order to reclaim it.
Neal Cassady is living the beat life during the 1940s, working at The Tire Yard and and philandering around town...
Warren has an extra room in his apartment (and is five months behind on the rent) after his lover moves out...
Another Disney underdog sports team of misfit kids (soccer this time) learns to play a new sport and become champions...
A self-help advocate struggles to put his dysfunctional family in its place.
A foul-mouthed finishing school graduate mistakenly winds up on an ill-fated fishing boat, and faces the wrath of a crew that considers him bad luck.
A private eye who has amnesia must go to court about a kingpin's murder.
Lightning Jack Kane is an Australian outlaw in the wild west. During a bungled bank robbery he picks up mute Ben Doyle as a hostage...
An incredibly dull-witted family unknowingly stumble upon an illegal weapons deal while on the trail of their "stolen" garbage.
A Miami con man agrees to be the human target for a Neo-Nazi manhunter, in order to collect $50,000 if he survives.
A maid is kidnapped and scratches a message onto D.C. the cat's collar and when his owner Patti discovers this, she plays amateur detective with the help of D.C. to try to find the culprits.
The story of the Apache chief and his armed resistance to the US Government's subjugation of his people.
Weronika lives in Poland. Véronique lives in Paris. They don't know each other. Weronika gets a place in a music school...
Set in 1999, a woman (Dommartin) has a car accident with some bank robbers, who enlist her help to take the bank money to a drop in Paris...
An aspiring director and the marginally talented amateur cast of a hokey small-town Missouri musical production go overboard when they learn that someone from Broadway will be in attendance.
Based on the true story of Valerie Solanas who was a 60s radical preaching hatred toward men in her "Scum" manifesto...
After her mother commits suicide, nineteen year old Lucy Harmon travels to Italy to have her picture painted...
Basquiat tells the story of the meteoric rise of youthful artist Jean-Michel Basquiat. Starting out as a street artist...
48 hours of intersecting lives and crimes in Los Angeles.
The auto-biographical story of Howard Stern, the radio-rebel who is now also a TV-personality, an author and a movie star.
A "National Geographic" film crew is taken hostage by an insane hunter, who takes them along on his quest to capture the world's largest - and deadliest - snake.
Two women get into a lot of trouble when they go to their high school reunion and lie about their lives after twelfth grade.
After young Marty Peterson rescued Shiloh from his abusive owner, Judd Travers, he thought his troubles were over...
A newly released ex-con and former US Ranger finds himself trapped in a prisoner transport plane when the passengers seize control.
Tommy is an unemployed mechanic who spends most of his time in a bar (Trees Lounge) in a small blue collar town. He seems to always be thinking, "If only X then I could stop drinking".
Ricky is released from a mental hospital, and knows exactly what he wants to do. He hunts down Marina...
A disillusioned assassin accepts one last hit in hopes of using his earnings to restore vision to a singer he accidentally blinded, only to be double-crossed by his boss.
Years after her aunt was murdered in her home, a young woman moves back into the house with her new husband. However, he has a secret which he will do anything to protect, even if that means driving his wife insane.

What do an elderly topiary gardener, a retired lion tamer, a man fascinated by mole rats, and a cutting-edge robotics designer have in common...
A woman cons two old boyfriends into searching for her runaway son by convincing both that they are the boy's father.
In 1923 London, socialite Clarissa Dalloway's well-planned party is overshadowed by the return of an old suitor she had known 33 years earlier.
Environmental protection agent Jack Taggart is fighting big business types led by Orin Hanner who are...
Harvey Dankworth is having an affair on the side, and the problems in his family life with wife Mary Jane arise...
A CIA agent gets caught up in political intrigue after he gets brought in to solve the murder of a Cuban ambassador.
Things don't seem to change much in Wabasha County: Max and John are still fighting after 35 years, Grandpa still drinks...
When jobless Tommy Collins discovers that sequestered jurors earn free room and board as well as $5-a-day...
A feature adaptation of the classic TV show, when nice guy redneck Jed Clampett strikes it rich when he finds black oil, and moves he and his kin to posh Beverly Hills.
The dog everyone loves now leaps into the '90s in this all-new exciting, updated version of Lassie! Determined to start a new life in the country...
A young boy is bequeathed the ownership of a professional baseball team.
Shadow, Sassy, and Chance have to find their way home after they become stranded at the San Francisco International Airport as their owners fly to Canada on vacation.
Chris embarks on an odyssey of self-discovery that spans the globe. Kidnapped and enslaved by gun smugglers...
Based on the true story of the first Jamaican bobsled team trying to make it to the winter Olympics.
A young woman finds her already unstable life rocked by the presence of a rambunctious imaginary friend from childhood.
An English student at a 1960's American high school has to prove himself to the leader of a girls' gang whose members can only date greasers.
An FBI agent tries to catch a serial killer who kidnapped his son.
Hamlet, Prince of Denmark, returns home to find his father murdered and his mother remarrying the murderer, his uncle. Meanwhile, war is brewing.
Frank O'Brien, a petty thief, and his 7-year-long girlfriend Roz want to put an end to their unsteady lifestyle and just do that _last_ job...
Mickey Gordon is a basketball referee who travels to France to bury his father. Ellen Andrews is an...
A Harvard professor is lured back into the courtroom after 25 years to take the case of a young black man condemned to death for the horrific murder of a child.
Harry Habert, owner of a rent office has an original idea: To rent babies from a nearby orphanage to the local families. He rents the Ward brothers to his first customers...
Henry Hackett is the editor of a New York City tabloid. He is a workaholic who loves his job, but the long hours and low pay are leading to discontent...
A man's personality is dramatically changed after surviving a major airline crash.
A tale about a happily married couple who would like to have children. Tracy teaches infants, Andy's a college professor. Things are never the same after she is taken to hospital and operated upon by Jed, a "know all" doctor.
A man who never has enough time for the things he wants to do is offered the opportunity to have himself duplicated.
The love lives of two brothers, Mickey and Francis, interconnect as Francis cheats on his wife with Mickey's ex-girlfriend, while Mickey impulsively marries a stranger.

In 1900, a young widow finds her seaside cottage is haunted...and forms a unique relationship with the ghost.
Supt. Dalziel and partner DI Pascoe investigate murders, and find a bond forming between them despite their blatantly differing personalities.
Mel Brooks' parody of the classic vampire story and its famous film adaptations.
Four 12-year-old girls grow up together during an eventful small-town summer in 1970.
A single and lonely woman finds the seemingly perfect man to date, but soon regrets it when his deranged and possessive other personality emerges and worst still, she cannot convince anyone else of his Jekyll/Hyde true nature.
His life was emotionally closed off from the world, until an orphaned baby showed up at his house.
A mysterious device designed to provide its owner with eternal life resurfaces after four hundred years, leaving a trail of destruction in its path.
A young man's life is thrown into a loop when he is asked to be a pallbearer for the funeral of a classmate he doesn't remember, and his old high school crush temporarily returns to town.
Vietnam War vet Costner must deal with a war of a different sort between his son and their friends, and a rival group of children...
"Don't Be a Menace to South Central While Drinking your Juice in the Hood" is a parody of a lot of black U.S...
One of puppet-maker Geppetto's creations comes magically to life. This puppet, Pinocchio, has one major...
Continuing the story of Aurora Greenway in her latter years. After the death of her daughter, Aurora struggled to keep her family together...
Fernando, a journalist, and his friend César join terrorist group MR8 in order to fight Brazilian dictatorial regime during the late sixties...
A young girl is relegated to servitude at a boarding school when her father goes missing and is presumed dead.
A man is murdered, apparently by one of a group of soldiers just out of the army. But which one? And why?
A movie with no conventional plot: merely a collection of expertly photographed scenes. Subject matter has a highly environmental theme.
An outcast half-wolf risks his life to prevent a deadly epidemic from ravaging Nome, Alaska.
Focusing on a trio of friends and their elaborate plan to pull off a simple robbery and go on the run.
"Dottore" Joe Moretti travels round Sicily doing screen tests for the big Roman studios. He's a conman and takes money or favours for his efforts...
Isabelle is an ex-nun waiting for her special mission from God. In the meantime, she is making a living writing pornography...
Film about filmmaking. It takes place during one day on set of non-budget movie. Ultimate tribute to all independent filmmakers.

A pastry boy and the son of a hair-piece mogul become involved in an arson scandal. Sergio is offered...
Three friends discover their new flatmate dead but loaded with cash.
Generation X Graduates face life after college with a filmmaker looking for work and love in Houston.
Alfie Byrne is a middle-aged bus conductor in Dublin in 1963. He would appear to live a life of quiet desperation: he's gay...
A cowardly boy who buries himself in accident statistics enters a library to escape a storm only to be transformed into an animated illustration by the Pagemaster. He has to work through obstacles from classic books to return to real life.
Watty has made a living out of robbing convenience stores, but after one of these job turned into murder by his partner...
A lost and alone kitten joins a gang of dogs engaged in petty larceny in New York.
A nice guy has just moved to New York and discovers that he must share his run-down apartment with a couple thousand singing, dancing cockroaches.

Gabriella, a Colombian immigrant, is obsessed with understanding violent crime. The current string of...
An ambitious female attorney wallows in excess and meaningless sex with both male and female partners, while dealing with her personal life problems including helping her kleptomaniac sister.
While escaping from a foiled robbery attempt, three thieves find themselves surrounded by police at a New Orleans bar--only they're not the people the police are searching for.
Using previously unreleased archival material in addition to contemporary interviews, this academy award-winning...
Joseph Svenden is a middle-aged schoolteacher who lives on a farm with his dying mother. In his simple life there are no excitements...
Tim puts a dance floor in the basement for Randy's birthday party, but he over-waxes it, causing Randy's friend Michelle to sprain her ankle; Randy is embarrassed that Tim is now sending his friends to the hospital.
Frank Dux has spent most his life being trained by Tanaka to participate in the Kumite, the ultimate martial arts tournament...
Counter-terrorist Jack Quinn misses his target, Stavros, on the eve of his final mission. From there...
A computer hacker breaks into the computer system of the Seabourn Legend cruise liner and sets it speeding on a collision course into a gigantic oil tanker.
Carly Norris is a book editor living in New York City who moves into the Sliver apartment building. In the apartment building...
An orphan boy and his magical dragon come to town with his abusive adoptive parents in pursuit.
When letters written to God start getting results, and replies, people everywhere are amazed. The Post Office however is annoyed.
Georgina throws a sleepover party for her friend Jamie, a moderately successful actress, on the night of Jamie's fiancée's bachelor party...
An observable, fast-talking party man Darnell Wright, gets his punishment when one of his conquests...
Richard Clark has just left the well-known Wellington Academy to teach at Marion Barry High School. Now, he will try to inspire the D-average students into making good grades and try to woo a fellow teacher.
Seth Warner has reached the end of his rope. Ever since his wife died two years earlier, his world has been in turmoil...
After local youth Abdel is beaten unconscious by police, a riot ensues on his estate during which a policeman loses his gun. The gun is found by Vinz who threatens he will kill a cop if Abdel dies.
A young man, his wife, and his incompetent case worker travel across country to find his birth parents.
A woman inherits her father's fireworks factory, as he had no son. The business does well and everything works in an orderly fashion until one day...
This darkly humorous film explores the personal psychic landscape of two lonely New Yorkers. Jackie and Michael are coworkers at a large law firm...
An affluent New York couple find their lives touched, intruded upon, and compelled by a mysterious young black man who is never quite who he says he is.
Jake realizes that he and Tiffani still have feelings for each other, with seriously complicates his relationship with Lorena...
When high school dropout Maria Coughlin announces her pregnancy to her parents, her father drops dead on the floor...
A film crew follows a ruthless thief and heartless killer as he goes about his daily routine. But complications set in when the film crew lose their objectivity and begin lending a hand.
Firefighter Jesse Graves has to save ornithologist Jennifer and other people caught in a forest fire...
The story of the Newton gang, the most successful bank robbers in history, thanks to their good planning and minimal violence.
Laura is trying to pick up the pieces of her life after the murder of her husband and son, and goes on vacation with her sister to Burma...
After an abandoned young woman in late 19th Century England is taken in by a rural couple with three handsome sons, tragic consequences result.
A political activist is convinced that her guest is a man who once tortured her for the government.
Based on the British cult comic-strip, our tank-riding anti-heroine fights a mega-corporation, which controls the world's water supply.
Twenty-two year old Chinese-Canadian Jade Li comes from a traditional Chinese family, who try to put...
A reporter hired to write the 'official' biography of Ty Cobb discovers just how dark the baseball legend's real story is.
Dorothy Parker remembers the heyday of the Algonquin Round Table, a circle of friends whose barbed wit...
A depressed housewife whose husband is having an affair contemplates suicide, but changes her mind when she faces death by a killer hired to do her in.

A young aristocrat must masquerade as a fop in order to maintain his secret identity of Zorro as he restores justice to early California.
The passionate Merchant-Ivory drama tells the story of Francoise Gilot, the only lover of Pablo Picasso who was strong enough to withstand his ferocious cruelty and move on with her life.
Two stoners unknowingly smuggle a van - made entirely of marijuana - from Mexico to L.A., with incompetent Sgt. Stedenko on their trail.
A young tomboy, Watts, finds her feelings for her best friend, Keith, run deeper than just friendship...
Old Nat Moyer is a talker, a philosopher, and a troublemaker with a fanciful imagination. His companion is Midge Carter...
A young girl separated from her lover by war faces a life altering decision.
A boxer flees believing he has comitted a murder while he was drunk.
Charles returns to Paris to reminisce about the life he led in Paris after it was liberated. He worked...
A tale of the love between ambulance driver Lt. Henry and Nurse Catherine Barkley during World War I...
A young governess for two children becomes convinced that the house and grounds are haunted.
An old Cuban fisherman's dry spell is broken when he hooks a gigantic fish that drags him out to sea. Based on Ernest Hemingway's story.
An insurance salesman/adjuster discovers his entire life is actually a T.V. show.

Two melancholy Hong Kong policemen fall in love: one with a mysterious female underworld figure, the other with a beautiful and ethereal server at a late-night restaurant he frequents.
In the future, a young destitute human woman gets targeted for assassination by the Queen of the Universe, and begins her destiny to finish the Queen's reign.
An affluent and unexceptional homemaker in the suburbs develops multiple chemical sensitivity.
An ex-convict and his bumbling crook brother fight for the same woman.
Two mysterious orphan children have extraordinary powers and are chased by a scheming millionaire. But where do these kids really call home?
A disparate group of African-American men travel by bus to Washington, DC for the Million Man March.
The story of the famous and influential 1960s rock band and its lead singer and composer, Jim Morrison, from his days as a UCLA film student in Los Angeles, to his untimely death in Paris, France at age 27 in 1971.
The widow of murdered civil rights leader Medger Evers and a district attorney struggle to finally bring the murderer to justice.
In a suburb of London, young Jamie is escaping sport hours, to avoid being the victim of his comrades. Young Ste, his neighbor, is beaten by his father, and comes to sleep overnight. They discover new feelings, sleeping in the same bed.

A young boy is arrested by the US Secret Service for writing a computer virus and is banned from using a computer until his 18th birthday...
A story about the ins and outs of one unusual health facility in the early 20th century, run by the eccentric Dr. Kellogg.
A documentary of the Bill Clinton 1992 presidential campaign and the organization who ran it.
A documentary of the 1974 heavyweight championship bout in Zaire between champion George Foreman and underdog challenger Muhammad Ali.
John has lost all his money. He sits outside a diner in the desert when Sydney happens along, buys him coffee...
A seven-year-old girl adopts a vow of silence in protest when her quarrelsome parents grow increasingly hostile to one another.
A college basketball coach is forced to break the rules in order to get the players he needs to stay competitive.
Three young men go on an end of the summer trip to Hollywood, CA. Their quest: to fulfill the fantasy of meeting Marilyn Monroe.
Traces over three generations an immigrant family's trials, tribulations, tragedies, and triumphs. Maria and Jose...
In 1915, T.S. (Tom) Eliot and Vivienne Haigh-Wood elope, but her longstanding gynecological and emotional problems disrupt their planned honeymoon...
Two young siblings are stranded in the Australian Outback and are forced to cope on their own. They meet an Australian boy on "walkabout": a ritual separation from his tribe.
Upon taking a new job, young lawyer Rick Hayes is assigned to the clemency case of Cindy Liggett, a...
Marvin Bookman is a small shop owner in Gary, Indiana, USA. After he sees a drive-by shooting of Laurie Thompson's son by a local gang...
Reporter Ernest Hemingway is an ambulance driver in Italy during World War I. While bravely risking his life in the line of duty...
A dramatization of the Hamburg, Germany phase of the Beatles' early history.
A U.S. secret agent is sent to the distant space city of Alphaville where he must find a missing person and free the city from its tyrannical ruler.
Three stories of love and coincidence around the theme of dates in Paris.
A young man who struggles through life by earning some money with his bicycle-taxi in Saigon (Ho Chi Minh city) gets contact to a group of criminals...
A homicide detective and an anthropologist try to destroy a South American lizard-like god, who's on a people eating rampage in a Chicago museum.
Early one morning Valerie has to tell her unemployed boyfriend Remi that she is pregnant. She has decided to keep the child...
A guide leads two men through an area known as the Zone to find a room that grants wishes.
Gregory invites seven friends to spend the summer at his large, secluded 19th-century home in upstate New York...
Jerry and his two pals, Russ and Syd, are just looking for some easy money to help them break out of their nowhere lives in their nowhere town...
A hefty homeboy borrows his dad's Mercedes and goes to the beach with his friends for wild sun & fun.
An American girl inherits a fortune and falls into a misguided relationship with a gentleman confidence artist whose true nature, including a barbed and covetous disposition, turns her life into a nightmare.
Mary Beth is a marine biologist that gets annoyed when a dog called Zeus stows aboard her research boat...
A writer returns to his hometown where he faces the childhood nemesis whose life he ultimately ruined, only the bully wants to relive their painful past by torturing him once again.
Set in a dreary urban landscape of an anonymous Canadian city, LOVE AND HUMAN REMAINS is a dark comedy...
A widowed father has to deal with two complex issues: while he is searching for "Miss Right," his son, who is in his 20s and gay, is searching for "Mr. Right."
Lama Norbu comes to Seattle in search of the reincarnation of his dead teacher, Lama Dorje. His search leads him to young Jesse Conrad...
Michael (or Fresh as he's well known) is a 12-year-old drug pusher who lives in a crowded housing project with his cousins and aunt...
Raymond Aibelli is a promising medical student ready to begin a prestigious summer internship. But Susan...
In a village in the Southwest of France, 1962. Maite and Francois are 18 years old. They are friends...
A study of the lives and romantic entanglements of various interconnected women.
The sex therapist, Spaulding Gray, is very successful. Beautiful women are lining up to see him. He seduces his clients. And they are all very happy. He has a secret technique, which is not that secret.
Joe and Betty run a fish market and have sunk into a comfortable, if somewhat boring life. Enter the drifter Nick...
Hugo Pool is a quirky tale of a Los Angeles pool cleaner who falls in love with a young man dying of Lou Gerhig's Disease.
Journalist Floyd from US, Michael Henderson from UK and their teams meet the beginning of Bosnian war in Sarajevo...
Young boy befriends larcenous orangutan in luxury hotel.
A Major noted for advancing with his mouth before thinking is given a choice: to be drummed out of the Army...
Ben Archer is not happy. His mother, Sandy, has just met a man, and it looks like things are pretty serious...
Peter Brackett and Sabrina Peterson are two competing Chicago newspaper reporters who join forces to unravel the mystery behind a train derailment.
A black detective becomes embroiled in a web of danger while searching for a fortune in missing drug money.During the course of his investigation...
When police discover that a mob hitman has moved in next door to the Robbersons, they want to find out what he is up to...
Two buddies and championship rodeo partners travel to New York to find their missing friend, Nacho Salazar...
Bruce Brown, king of surfing documentaries, returns after nearly thirty years to trace the steps of...
Two misguided youths join the reserves to make some money for their entrepreneurial dreams. No sooner than they finish basic training are they called up to do their part to save the free world.
In 1976, Drew Tate is a young teenager who has trouble dealing with life after he accidentally sets his house on fire...
The "Dagger Debs" are a gang of snarling girls, and Maggie is their newest member. Lace, the ever tooth-gritting leader...
Billy "The Kid" and his gang is wanted by the law, and when "Doc" Scurlock and Chavez are captured, Billy has to save them...
Based on the life of Olympic hopeful Steve Prefontaine, a long distance runner who lived in Oregon and died young
A bride's divorced parents find their old feelings for each other during the wedding reception and over the course of the next few days upsetting the newlywed's honeymoon.
A psychological thriller that takes you through the mind of convicted killer, Michael Raine, and his experiences on death row...
The girls of St. Trinians are on the hunt for buried treasure after discovering headmistress Miss Fritton is related to a famous pirate.
The circularity of violence seen in a story that circles on itself. In Macedonia, during war in Bosnia...
A family descended from Maori warriors is bedeviled by a violent father and the societal problems of being treated as outcasts.
This Oscar nominated film is the story of two men who are opposites, one gay, the other straight, one a fierce communist, the other a fierce individualist, one suspicious, the other accepting, and how they come to love each other.
Jean is young, gay, and promiscuous. Only after he meets one or two women, including Laura does he come to realize his bisexuality...
Earl Pilcher Jr., runs an equipment rental outfit in Arkansas, lives with his wife and kids and parents...
Tom Ripley is a talented mimic, moocher, forger and all-around criminal improviser; but there's more to Tom Ripley than even he can guess.
A cemetery man must kill the dead a second time when they become zombies.
Buring the British Raj, the orphan of a British soldier poses as a Hindu and is torn between his loyalty to a Buddhist mystic and aiding the English secret service.

Thrown out by his girlfriend from her apartment, Axel lives for a while with Norbert, a gay man he met some days before.
An American dancer comes to Britain and falls for a model whom he initially annoyed, but she mistakes him for his goofy producer.
During the Nazi occupation of Poland, an acting troupe becomes embroiled in a Polish soldier's efforts to track down a German spy.
London of the late 19th century is a haven for political exiles of all sorts - refugees, partisans, anarchists...
When Andrew Sterling, a successful black urbanite writer buys a vacation home on a resort in New England the police mistake him for a burglar...
A bright assistant D.A. investigates a gruesome hatchet murder and hides a clue he found at the crime scene. Under professional threats and an attempt on his life, he goes on heartbroken because evidence point to the woman he still loves.
A reformed convict goes undercover with the help of an angry detective to ensnare a psychotic mobster.
The events focus around a crisis hotline business on one crazy night during the Christmas holidays.
A virtual-reality serial killer manages to escape into the real world.
Hank Marshall is a tough, square-jawed, straitlaced Army engineer and nuclear science expert, assigned...
Some thirty years after Arlis witnesses his father murdering a family, he runs into Kay, who happens to be the family's baby who was spared...
A female lawyer takes an accused wife-murderer as a client, but finds herself morally compelled to betray him one way or another.
Based on a true story set in pre-war Japan, a man and one of his servants begin a torrid affair. Their...
Post-Apocalyptic remake of "Casablanca" set in a strip club.
Over the years, a child's romantic ideals about death blossom into necrophilia, the study of embalming and the most profound relationship of her life.
Robert Rath is a seasoned hitman who just wants out of the business with no back talk. But, as things go...
Craig and Smokey are two guys in Los Angeles hanging out on their porch on a Friday afternoon, smoking and drinking...
When Max makes an preposterous promise to his girlfriend, his chances to fulfilling it seem hopeless when he is dragged onto a cross-country trip with his embarrassing father, Goofy.
People from all different walks of life, encounter racial tension, rape, responsibility, and the meaning of an education on a university campus.

Three friends on their way to a boxing match get caught in heavy traffic, so they take a shortcut in order to get their faster, unfortunately it leads to them witnessing a murder which leaves them running for their lives.
A young boy struggles on his own in a run-down motel after his parents and younger brother are separated from him in 1930s Depression-era Midwest.
The story of a baseball scout who discovers a talented but troubled baseball player.
A miserable fat teenager secretly has a crush on the class beauty, ends up becoming the surprising participant to dance with her at a high school dance, meaning he's got to get his act together with the help of his best friend.
A newly elected District attorney finds himself in the middle of a police corruption investigation that may involve his father and his partner.
Set right after World War II, a naive teenage girl joins a shabby theatre troupe in Liverpool. During a winter production of Peter Pan...
Casey Ryback hops on a Colorado to LA train to start a vacation with his niece. Early into the trip, terrorists board the train and use it as a mobile HQ to hijack a top secret destructive US satellite.
Lily is a sheltered art student from Michigan going to school in California. She finds an apartment and her roommates aren't quite normal...
A chronicle of the interconnected lives of a group of people in the lead up to Paris Fashion Week.
Chicago DEA agent John Hatcher has just returned from Colombia, where his partner was killed in the...
Documentary following singer Madonna on her controversial Blond Ambition tour in 1990.
Teenage siblings Nenette and Boni were raised apart as a result of their parents' divorce. Their mother...
A surfer becomes the head of a major company.
A woman who moves into an apartment across the hall from two brilliant but socially awkward physicists shows them how little they know about life outside of the laboratory.
Other Voices, Other Rooms
A retelling of Charles Dickens' classic novel Oliver Twist set in a New York City contemporary underground populated by drag queens, drug abuse and prostitution.
A brief extract of four kids' lives somewhere in France. Quentin, who won a writers contest and now...
A female pirate and her companion race against their rivals to find a hidden island that contains a fabulous treasure.
A female cyborg cop and her partner hunt a mysterious and powerful hacker called the Puppet Master.
A deformed bell-ringer must assert his independence from a vicious government minister in order to help his friend, a gypsy dancer.
Lady M. wades every morning through the sea in order to heal her pain. But she is not what she pretends...
A reporter is on the trail of a vampiric murderer who travels by plane.
Roper, a hostage negotiator catches a murderous bank robber after a blown heist. The bank robber escapes...
After a friend overdoses, Spoon and Stretch decide to kick their drug habits and attempt to enroll in a government detox program...


Emma is an attractive girl in her 20s who has been blind for 20 years. A new type of eye operation partially restores her sight...
Doug is a young man who works all day as a concierge at a luxurious hotel, saving money to make his own business...
A martial arts instructor comes to the defense of a schoolteacher who has taken a stand against a local white supremacist organization.
The story of Pascal Ichak, a larger-than-life French traveller, bon vivant, and chef, who falls in love...
A wealthy San Francisco socialite pursues a potential boyfriend to a small Northern California town that slowly takes a turn for the bizarre when birds of all kinds suddenly begin to attack people there in increasing numbers and with increasing viciousness.
John Netherwood and his wife Leann are fugitives who are both wanted for murder. They have a young daughter named Janie...
Two fishing fanatics get in trouble when their fishing boat gets stolen while on a trip.
Ivan is the fierce patriarch of a family of Croatian refugees in Auckland. Nina is his daughter, ready to live on her own...
Jack and Judy are husband and wife, and Howard is Judys father. They live in some fictional undemocratic and repressive country...
Jack and Judy are husband and wife, and Howard is Judys father. They live in some fictional undemocratic and repressive country...
An actor poses as a lawyer to help his sick friend, and problems develop.
Fisher takes a reluctant Henry to Bath, where undercover officer Lorraine Foster has seemingly become the third victim of a serial killer...
Young, wild poet Arthur Rimbaud and his mentor Paul Verlaine engage in a fierce, forbidden romance while feeling the effects of a hellish artistic lifestyle.
In a small village on the border of Northern Ireland and The Republic of Ireland, the relationship between a short tempered policeman and his rebellious son becomes even more strenuous when the young man falls for a "wrong" girl.
Things have been tough lately for Amelia. Her best friend moved out of the apartment, her cat got cancer...
The story of five teenage girls who form an unlikely bond after beating up a teacher who has sexually harassed them...

Carlos wants to be an actor. But his father, Pepe, wants him to work in the family business, that is...
A young boy wins a tour through the most magnificent chocolate factory in the world, led by the world's most unusual candy maker.
Young drug pushers in the projects of Brooklyn live hard dangerous lives, trapped between their drug bosses and the detectives out to stop them.
British couple Fiona and Nigel Dobson are sailing to Istanbul en route to India. They encounter a beautiful French woman...
Director Billy Wilder salutes his idol, Ernst Lubitsch, with this comedy about a middle-aged playboy fascinated by the daughter of a private detective who has been hired to entrap him with the wife of a client.
Michael J. Fox stars as a child actor who has grown up, and grown out of his popularity. He now runs a talent agency with his brother...
Eleven-year-old North has had it with his parents. They are always busy with their careers and don't give North the attention he needs...

A color-blind psychiatrist Bill Capa is stalked by an unknown killer after taking over his murdered friend's therapy group, all of whom have a connection to a mysterious young woman that Capa begins having intense sexual encounters with.
Robocop saves the day once more. This time the half man/half robot takes on ruthless developers who want to evict some people on "their" land.
A professional assassin, having just "cleaned up" a botched "job," is pressured into another new assignment by his boss...
A white school teacher takes over a talented, but undisciplined black high school basketball team and turns them into a winning team.
Four Black women, all of whom have suffered for lack of money and at the hands of the majority, undertake to rob banks...
The true story of Selena Quintanilla-Perez, a Texas-born Tejano singer who rose from cult status to performing at the Astrodome, as well as having chart topping albums on the Latin music charts.
Three brothers - Marshall, Marty and Mark dream of becoming naturalists and portraying animal life of America...
Two corrupt cops murder an undercover DEA agent by mistake, and frantically try to cover their tracks by framing a homeless man for the crime...
A pregnant teen and her younger sister run away from foster homes and kidnap a woman whom they believe can help with the pregnancy.
After his mother's death, Collin Fenwick goes to live with his father's cousins, the wealthy, avaricious...
A failed gambler, intent on meeting a rich widow, tricks his widowed brother-in-law into boarding a cruise ship as dance hosts.
Two parents deal with the effects when their son is accused of murdering his girlfriend.
Bristol, England, early 19th century. A beautiful young stranger who speaks a weird language is tried for the crime of begging...
A budding romance between a ballet master and a tapdancer becomes complicated when rumours surface that they're already married.
A trained chimpanzee plays third base for a minor-league baseball team.
A group of friends in New York, working away at their PCs and laptops, keep in touch exclusively by phone and fax...
A young American woman becomes a nanny in the home of a recent British widower.
Adaptation of Chekhov's "Uncle Vanya" set in rural Australia in the 1920's. Jack Dickens and his niece...
Two over-loyal Celtic fans kidnap their opponent's star player in order to guarantee their team the championship.
Murray is a male fairy godmother, and he is trying to help 8-year-old Anabel to fulfil her "simple wish" - that her father Oliver...
Shy seventh-grader Spencer Griffith's life changes when a meteor falls into a local junkyard and he finds a Cybersuit...
Ayn Rand was born in 1905 in St. Petersberg, Russia. She escaped to America in 1926 amidst the rise of Soviet Communism...
Redmond is a young guy who can't find what to do with his life. When his uncle Sam gives him the bag...
A passionately committed young dancer is forced to re-examine his career and life when faced with death...
Ex-football star Mike Gambril meets Terry McKay on a flight to Sydney, which is forced to land on a small atoll...
A pretentiously artistic director is hired for a new Broadway musical and changes it beyond recognition.
A couple's big dreams give way to a life full of unexpected sadness and unexpected joy.
Two strangers, whose paths are always crossing, finally meet when fate steps in.
Two friends who are dissatisfied with their jobs decide to join the army for a bit of fun.
High School basketball coach, Dinah Groshardt, falls for the school secretary, Carly Lumpkin, and upsets the entire school in the process.
Doc McCoy is put in prison because his partners chickened out and flew off without him after exchanging a prisoner with a lot of money...

While on detention, a group of misfits and slackers have to write a letter to the President explaining what is wrong with the education system...
A struggling American writer (England) and a fellow American expatriate (Mandylor) begin a sordid affair among the chaos and discord of 1940 Paris, France on the brink of World War II.
A biography of the Portuguese-Brazilian singer Carmen Miranda, whose most distinctive feature was her tutti frutti hat...
Gena is an average woman who is torn between her current boyfriend's desire to marry her and start a family...
A poignant romantic drama examines the life of gay 26 year old, ex-monk, school teacher living in Manhattan. When he meets a man at a gay bar, they connect and are soon living together. Unfortunately their views on monogamy don't match.
In the 1943 invasion of Italy, one American platoon lands, digs in, then makes its way inland to blow up a bridge next to a fortified farmhouse...
Based on Terry McMillan's novel, this film follows four very different African-American women and their relationships with the male gender.
A New York girl sets her father up with a beautiful woman in a shaky marriage while her half sister gets engaged.
A recently released ex-con gets involved in a fake kidnapping scheme that turns very real.
A homeless man is hired as a survival guide for a group of wealthy businessmen on a hunting trip in the mountains, unaware that they are killers who hunt humans for sport, and that he is their new prey.
A light-hearted story of two working-class brothers courting three wealthy and beautiful sisters in a small Illinois town.
The mother of a severely traumatized daughter enlists the aid of a unique horse trainer to help the girl's equally injured horse.
The Journey of August King is a multi-dimensional drama about a North Carolina farmer in April 1815...

While on a train, a teenage boy thinks about his life and the flamboyant aunt whose friendship acted as an emotional shield from his troubled family...

A former gunslinger is forced to take up arms again when he and his cattle crew are threatened by a corrupt lawman.
Lola is pregnant. But she does not know who the father is : Jamal, the black muslim, son of diplomats...
Camels carry a bride to her groom's house; he is a wealthy tofu maker and the bride's father is in debt to him...
Seven teenagers retreat to a country house for the weekend to make their epic, an impossibly ambitious Celtic fantasy...
Chekovs Uncle Vanya, transposed to turn-of-the-century North Wales, where the peace and tranquillity...
Patty Vare falls off a horse and is found unconscious by prep school student John Baker. He takes her to his dorm...
A beautiful young dentist (Ormond) working in a tough British prison starts to become attracted to a...
Irene is a magazine editor living under the shadow of the Pinochet dictatorship in Chile. Francisco...

In 1925 Romania, young Marie-Therese Von Debretsy refuses the flirtatious advances of her husband's commanding officer...
A day-dreamer escapes his anonymous life by disappearing into a world of fantasies filled with heroism, romance and action. When his job along with that of his co-worker are threatened, he takes action in the real world embarking on a global journey that turns into an adventure more extraordinary than anything he could have ever imagined.
May, 1946, in Paris young poet Jacques Prevel meets Antonin Artaud, the actor, artist, and writer just released from a mental asylum...
Three young and good-looking brothers live with and support their parents in Manila; they dance at the...
Mercedes is a taxi dancer who wants to be an actress. She's involved with the married Harry, who considers himself a respected actor. Ernesto is in love with Mercedes, but he doesn't dance or have money.
Long-repressed feelings of bitterness and betrayal explode when three inner-city losers plot the robbery of a valuable coin in a seedy second-hand junk shop.
Being a lone young boy in the 'hood" is dangerous and unpleasant. This is what Max experiences when...
A motivational speaker discovers that the inheritance his father left for him is in the form of an elephant.
A tale of power, passion and obsession set in a politically torn Eastern European country.
What would it have happened if...? Italian director Maurizio Nichetti replies to this question in this humorous film...
Lonely Kansas housewife Karen Webb despondent about her love life, her husband Jim Webb coldness and philandering...
A young poet living in the North Wales countryside competes for the most coveted prize of all in Welsh Poetry...
The journey of Michael Padovic, an American professor who arrives with his wife, Helene, at a Portuguese...
This film tells two interwoven stories of two single-parent families in a poor, racially-mixed neighborhood in Brooklyn...
Gesitueerd in een verlaten dorp nabij de ruines van de Grote Muur in Noord-China, schetst dit allegorisch drama het conflict tussen morele corruptie...
The X-Men send Wolverine to the past in a desperate effort to change history and prevent an event that results in doom for both humans and mutants.
The classic Disney character, Goofy is a single father raising his son, Max in Spoonerville. Pete, a frequent antagonist from the old cartoons, lives next door with his family.
In Kabuki style, the film tells the story of a remote mountain village where the scarcity of food leads...
Camille, a mercurial César-winning actress, has seen better times. Estranged from her husband, she's with her children only every other weekend...
The movie tells the little stories of a group of families who live in the same building in Rome as seen from the eyes of Sandrino...

Steve and Megan, unbeknownst to them, are being guided and "advised" by one of Cupid's caseworkers who...
Beautiful, detached, laconic, consumptive Lily Brest is a streetwalker with few clients. She loves her...
Sarah, 30, single, well educated, likes art, places a voice ad for phone sex, inviting replies from men under 35...
Dean is a maverick American film director surprised that his most recent film has been chosen as the Official U.S...
Story of the early life of genius and Nobel Prize-winning physicist Richard Feynman.
Ed lives in Wisconsin, but he's just been dumped by his girlfriend. So he moves to New York City for a big change...
A young marchioness who loves the way of free-thinking and flatterers invites an author into her house who pretends to seduce her...


A semi-autobiography of the first 28 years of the director, the Flemish anarchist Jan Bucquoy.
While working on a documentary on his old neighborhood, a young film school graduate shifts the focus...
The desert can be a lonely place for the people who live there or for those who are traveling through...

On the run accused of a terrible crime, Manchester Detective Marcus Farrow tries to prove his innocence while being hunted by his former friends an colleagues.
A young low-class student gets involved with the wrong people and takes part in a non successful video rental robbery.
Director Jean-Luc Godard reflects in this movie about his place in film history, the interaction of film industry and film as art...
A very free adaptation of Marlowe's 'Doctor Faustus', Goethe's 'Faust' and various other treatments...
The film tells the story of two girls who are of totally different character. They know each other since...
A film detailing the final hours and crucifixion of Jesus Christ.
Beautiful Daiga has emigrated from Lithuania to Paris and is looking for a place to stay and work. Theo is a struggling musician...
Chaank Armaments is experimenting with the ultimate fighting machine which is part human - part machine...


Harry and Sue Lewis met in the 40es as teenagers living in the Bronx. He was an aspiring architect, she was the most beautiful girl in school...
After the death of her husband, the mother of Julie, Jack, Sue and Tom begins to suffer from a mysterious illness...
Wally Sparks is a tabloid TV show reporter who's trying to boost ratings on his show. He goes to the governor's mansion to uncover a sex scandal.
Twin brothers meet a childhood sweetheart at a tacky hotel and rediscover their love as they renew their competition for her affection.
A study in the world of hip-hop, done mostly with interviews, in order to see why it is as popular as it is today and what the future holds.
A day in the life of two film-school students trying to find love and another house-mate.
Following the break-up of his marriage after revealing his homosexuality, GP Martin Wyatt loses custody...
Chase (Mirren), a lifetime resident of Martha's Vineyard, married Richard (Bridges), and like the area...
Francois is a young carpenter married with Therese. They have two little children. All goes well, life is beautiful...
Pre-teen jungle boy Mowgli gets to human world and is pursued by P.T.Barnum circus scout Harrison who wants to take him to circus as curiosity...
Benny, a hapless grifter, is thrown off a train after cheating at cards, and into the life of Tanya...
Roseanna is dying of a heart condition, and all she wants is to be buried next to her daughter, in a cemetery that is getting full fast...
Sequel to "Tetsuo" this time has the Iron Man transforming into cyberkinetic gun when a gang of vicious skinheads kidnap his son...
Cab driver Michael and supermodel Sarah fall in love while her gorgeous husband Phillippe is in Madrid for two months.
An elderly couple go about their routine of cleaning their gabbeh (a intricately-designed rug), while bickering gently with each other...
In Texas in the 1930s, young schoolteacher Novalyne Price meets a handsome, eccentric, interesting young man named Robert Howard...
Set in a near-future, militarized world marked by closed borders, virtual labor and a global digital network that joins minds and experiences...
Jean-Luc Godard's densely packed rumination on the need to create order and beauty in a world ruled...
A drifter enters a small town looking for employment. While working at the local cattle ranch, he meets and falls in love with the beautiful Kitty and becomes involved in a deadly yet erotic love triangle.
Victor Mallick returned to his home and found out that all of his friends have arranged a surprise bachelor/stag party for him...
The film tells the story of Russian emigree and the only survivor from ship crash Yanko Goorall and servant Amy Foster in the end of 19th century...
Now out of prison but still disgraced by his peers, Gordon Gekko works his future son-in-law, an idealistic stock broker, when he sees an opportunity to take down a Wall Street enemy and rebuild his empire.
A group of homosexual people try to live with dignity and self-respect while events build to the opening battle in the major gay rights movement.
A young man finds himself attracted to a cold and unfeeling waitress who may ultimately destroy them both.

A botched diamond burglary and a dead publishing company executive set off a string of murders and betrayal in this suspensful, nonstop thriller!
A classic fairy tale, with swordplay, giants, an evil prince, a beautiful princess, and yes, some kissing (as read by a kindly grandfather).
In 1960s China, French diplomat Rene Gallimard falls in love with an opera singer, Song Liling - but Song is not at all who Gallimard thinks.
Marco Sperelli is a teacher, he is divorced and he is sent to work in Corzano, a town near Naples. The...
Based on the best selling series "Dear Dumb Diary" by Jim Benton. Follow Jamie Kelly as she navigates Mackeral Middle School with the help of her best friend Isabella, her nemesis Angeline and the boy of her dreams Hudson.
London 1969 - two 'resting' (unemployed and unemployable) actors, Withnail and Marwood, fed up with damp...
Compilation of four short films about homoerotic situations involving young men. In "Trevor", by Peggy Rajski...
An uptight and conservative woman, working on tenure as a literacy professor at a large urban university, finds herself strangely attracted to a free-spirited, liberal woman who works at a local carnival that comes to town.
A woman entices a bomb expert she's involved with into destroying the mafia that killed her family.
A talking pig named Gordy becomes involved in a quest to save his family from the slaughterhouse.
A power hungry sorcerer transforms a princess into a swan by day in this tale of everlasting love.
Hardened, uncomprimising drug dealer Roemello Skuggs decides to quit his scumbag profession so he may start a new life with his girlfriend...
In the far future, a highly sexual woman is tasked with finding and stopping the evil Durand-Durand. Along the way she encounters various unusual people.
A woman with a troubled past is drawn to a New England town where fairy tales are to be believed.
Col. Guile and various other martial arts heroes fight against the tyranny of Dictator M. Bison and his cohorts.
Cosmo, an affectless mob bookie who lives in the basement of a retirement home, is promoted to hitman...
Mr. Miyagi is back and he takes a new pupil under his wing; a troubled adolescent girl.
A soldier convicted for murdering his commanding officer is dumped and left to die on a prison island inhabited by two camps of convicts.
A white supremacist returns to his hometown for the first time in years to try and save his parents' relationship.
The life histories of four Asian women and their daughters reflect and guide each other.
Deceived that he had won the Prize, Connor MacLeod awakens from a peaceful life when an entombed immortal magician comes seeking the Highlander.
A series of interconnected short films follows a washed-up producer as he pitches insane story lines featuring some of the biggest stars in Hollywood.
Mousie and Sad Girl are childhood best friends in a contemporary Los Angeles poor Hispanic neighborhood...
Brothers Vincent (rich) and Clay (poor) meet up for the first time after their father's funeral and remark on how similar they look...
A nun, while comforting a convicted killer on death row, empathizes with both the killer and his victim's families.
Lisette and husband Chino face marital difficulties. She is fed up with the kids, while he has job troubles...
Matt Hobbs is a talented but unsuccessful actor. When estranged (and strange) ex-wife Beth dumps their daughter Jeannie on Matt...
An aspiring singer, Denise Waverly/Edna Buxton, sacrifices her own singing career to write hit songs that launch the careers of other singers...
At the beginning of a nightly Alcoholics Anonymous meeting, Jim seems particularly troubled. His sponsor encourages him to talk that night...
A 17-year-old dancer joins a "thinspiration" website and devotes herself to the almost religious glorification of "thin", until she becomes completely possessed by the dark world of anorexia.
A London woman's love life and career both hinge, unknown to her, on whether or not she catches a train. We see it both ways, in parallel.
WEST AFRICA 1869 - Slave trade is illegal. There is a revolt on a slave ship - twenty four men fight for their lives...
Sydney Banks learns the hard way that being driven and educated is not the path to success. With the help of Todd Hunter her career takes off...
After Mighty Joe Young is brought to America for safety reasons, he escapes and rampages through Hollywood, spurred by tormentors out for revenge.
The X-Men send Wolverine to the past in a desperate effort to change history and prevent an event that results in doom for both humans and mutants.
Two con artists' plan to steal enough for a house are twisted when a pretty girl enters the picture.
Ruben and Robby are twin brothers, adopted by Mona, one of the wealthiest - and most eccentric - women in Santa Barbara...
The story about the relationship between a manic depressive man, Mr Jones, and the female doctor who...
Come to a new House Party, where Kid, after a lifetime 'playing the field', falls in love and is about to get married...
A dramatized account of the story of The Black Panther Party of Self-Defense.
The story of a young man who must confront his own fears about love as well as his relationships with family and friends...
Story of a promising high school basketball star and his relationships with two brothers, one a drug dealer and the other a former basketball star fallen on hard times and now employed as a security guard.
A young widow still grieving over the death of her husband finds herself being comforted by a local housepainter.
An affair between a young woman and a pastor has disastrous consequences.
This film chronicles the life of Lane Frost, 1987 PRCA Bull Riding World Champion, his marriage and...
A woman is kidnapped. While in captivity, she manages to send a message out with a wandering cat. The cat's owner calls the FBI...
This Ken Loach docu-drama relates the story of a British woman's fight with Social Services over the care of her children...
This is a story about the breakup of the family. In particular, it focuses on the lifestyle of three divorced men...
Paul Reisner, a young doctor, becomes a researcher in a prestigious medical institute. He feels he has...
Old woman Berthe leaves her house to live in her daugter Emilie's one. Emilie and her brother Antoine...
Sometime in the early years of the century, a boy, Apu, is born to a poor Brahmin family in a village in Bengal...
On the eve of World War II (1939) English officer Ralph Denistoun is in Nazi Germany on an espionage mission to recover a poison gas formula from Prof...
On the eve of WWII, a young American reporter tries to expose enemy agents in London.
After one member of their group is murdered, the performers at a burlesque house must work together to find out who the killer is before they strike again.
The Devil arranges for a deceased gangster to return to Earth as a well-respected judge to make up for his previous life.
Quirt Evans, an all round bad guy, is nursed back to health and sought after by Penelope Worth a quaker girl. He eventually finds himself having to choose between his world and the world Penelope lives in.
Western legends Pat Garrett, Doc Holliday and Billy the Kid are played against each other over the law and the attentions of vivacious country vixen Rio McDonald.
The savage murders of three young children sparks a controversial trial of three teenagers accused of killing the kids as part of a satanic ritual.
Romeo & Juliet gets transplanted to the Bronx.
Lady Alyce Marshmorton must marry soon, and the staff of Tottney Castle have laid bets on who she'll choose...

Critically acclaimed film from the heyday of American indies, Six teens steal the family car and go out for a night on the town. Jealousy, lust and power dynamics soon make it a night that they all will remember.
Alarmed that his younger daughter is about to marry a gold-digger, a millionaire turns over the fortune to her ditsy older sister for safe-keeping to his ultimate regret. protection.
In the middle of the night, someone brings Ivan's body home to his wife and his sad-faced, jug-eared son...
Ever wanted to know what guys say when they get together? This light- hearted comedy explores the male world through an amateur hockey team...
The setting is early America during the oil boom. An elderly, down on his luck 'oil man', Mr. Cox finds himself in the town of Henrietta...

In a town where half the men die down the coalpit, Margaret MacNeil is quite happy being single. Until she meets Neil Currie...
Matthew, a young schizophrenic, finds himself out on the street when a slumlord tears down his apartment building...
Dexter, age 11, who has AIDS, and his next door neighbor Eric, a little older and much bigger, become best friends...
A mischievous young boy, Tom Sawyer (),witnesses a murder by the deadly Injun Joe. Tom...
In this offshoot of the 1950s "claymation" cartoon series, the crazy Blockheads threaten to ruin Gumby's...
Hatch Harrison had a traffic accident with his car. At first the doctors said he was dead but then they...
A medieval nobleman and his squire are accidentally transported to contemporary times by a senile sorcerer...
A little girl is left by her father in an exclusive seminary for girls, due to her father having to go to Africa with the army.
When Ninas husband goes off for a few weeks to work, she meets and starts seeing a photographer. This...
A group of women of Indian descent take a trip together from their home in Birmingham, England to the beach resort of Blackpool...
Joe Sullivan is itching to get out of prison. He's taken the rap for Rick, who owes him $50 Grand. Rick sets up an escape for Joe...
Ewan McGregor plays a law student who takes a job as a night watchman at a morgue. He begins to discover...
A Vietnam vet adjusts to life after the war while trying to support his family, but the chance of a better life may involve crime and bloodshed.

The living Volkswagen Beetle helps an old lady protect her home from a corrupt developer.
An alienated and misanthropic teenager gains sudden and unwanted celebrity status after he's taken hostage by terrorists where his indifference to their threats to kill him makes news headlines.


When two unemployed telephone pranksters decide to use their vocal "talents" to impersonate a Chicago...
Colonel Chabert has been severely wounded in the French-Russian Napoleonic war to the point that the medical examiner has signed his death certificate...
A runaway meets up with a young man in the bus station who leads her to a rendezvous with two others who are planning a bank robbery...
Sissy Hankshaw is born with enormous thumbs that help her hitchhiking through the US from a young age...
In mid-nineteenth-century northern France, a coal mining town's workers are exploited by the mine's owner. One day, they decide to go on strike, and the authorities repress them.
A hapless Navy grunt is assigned SP duty. The catch : he must escort a beautiful female prisoner on her way to prison for going UA...
Fausto enters an orphanage and is initially bullied, but then makes friends with a new bunkmate, Raymond...
Elmo Freech is a private investigator and was contracted by John Portland, a CIA agent who suffers amnesia...
While on a trip to Paris with his fiancée's family, a nostalgic screenwriter finds himself mysteriously going back to the 1920s every day at midnight.
"A Modern Affair" is a romantic comedy about the strain of contemporary relationships, one woman's urgent desire for parenthood...
A vicious serial sex killer is on the loose, and landscape gardener and shop-window outfitter Loris is the prime suspect...

A man with an important business meeting finds himself having to take care of the carpool for the neighborhood school children when his wife gets sick...
The childhood, adolescence, and incredible adult years of Al Hirshfeld, celebrated creator of thousands of line drawings of famous people...
A career thief forms a partnership with his reluctant son.
What is going on here?!? French director, Michel Blanc (as Himself), just doesn't understand why his life is suddenly falling apart...
An evil millionaire (Hulk Hogan) gets amnesia and then belives that he is Santa Claus.
In the waning days of the American Civil War, a wounded soldier embarks on a perilous journey back home to Cold Mountain, North Carolina to reunite with his sweetheart.
Siskel and Ebert review _Bad Girls (1994/I)_,  (1994),  (1993),  (1994) and  (1994). The "Laser Disc Pick":  (1960).
A city girl teams up with a tomboy to solve the mystery of Bear Mountain, Molly Morgan, and the buried treasure as well as learn about true friendships.
Thrown out by his girlfriend from her apartment, Axel lives for a while with Norbert, a gay man he met some days before.
Carl Panzram is sent to Leavenworth Prison for burglary. While there, he is brutally beaten by a guard...
When Nelly, a woman being just divorced, meets by chance M. Arnaud, a mature salesman just retired,...
Take a walk into the weird world of filmmaker Raul Ruiz as he takes us to Paris for a twisted ride....
A teenage babysitter is the focus of two boys and a man's separate obsessions.
Ray, an ex-con and widower, is planning a coin heist with two accomplices to help him to buy his own bakery...
With his boss in the madhouse, a mobster is temporary boss of the criminal empire just as vicious rivals threaten the control of the empire.
Few knew that Stalin spent his last night in the arms of a young Australian woman. Few still knew that...
Apu is a jobless former student dreaming vaguely of a future as a writer. An old college friend talks him into a visit up-country to a village wedding...
Two pairs of best friends - Montel & Clyde and Brandy & Adina meet at the party, where Clyde makes Adina...
Terry is a suicidal voyeur who treats a dying addict to a final binge, but Terry will only do this if he promises to kill him.
While flying mail across the Andean mountains, Henri Guillaumet's plane has to crash-land, he must trek back to civilizatin on foot.
A woman with extrasensory perception is asked to help find a young woman who has disappeared.
A bunch of high school misfits in Hawaii, introduced by their new teacher, attend a science fair in...
The natural and adoptive mothers of a young boy are involved in a bitter, controversial custody battle.
Jason and Midget are two young, black teenagers living in Newark,New Jersey, the unofficial car theft capital of the world...
A weekend group goes to a remote cabin for "fear therapy". While each person is working to conquer their worst fears...
Electrician Gus gets the chance to fulfill a childhood dream by buying an old bowling-alley with some of his friends...
Valerie is a juror in the trail of a mob boss. When her young son's life is threatened, she has no option other than to see that justice isn't done.
Politics are already strained between English imperialists and the West African government of Kinjanja...
Kaspar Hauser is the son of the duke of Baden. At the age of one he was swapped by another baby that has been killed right after the change...
A pregnant New York social worker begins to develop romantic feelings for her gay best friend, and decides she'd rather raise her child with him, much to the dismay of her overbearing boyfriend.
A young Amish boy is sole witness to a murder; policeman John Book goes into hiding in Amish country to protect him until the trial.
A student gets his senses enhanced by an experimental drug. But abuse is not an option.
The third film in a trilogy by writer-director Gregg Araki. Described as "90210 on acid", the film tells the story of a day in the lives of a group of high school kids Los Angeles and the strange lives they lead.
The story follows an underground weapons manufacturer in Belgrade during WWII and evolves into fairly surreal situations...
One of the obsessive speculations in American history is whether Thomas Jefferson, in the years before he became president...
Teen-age Angus adopts a stray dog and names him Yellow. Several days later, while travelling along the coast of British Columbia with Angus' father...
A French football playing exchange student falls in love.
Leonor, a widow in a small South American town, gives birth to Charlotte, a dwarf. The mother not only provides a rich childhood for her daughter...
Twin Town opens with wide sweeping shots of seaside Swansea; to be the place of action for the next one and a half hours...
Paul, an irritable and stressed-out hotel manager, begins to gradually develop paranoid delusions about his wife's infidelity...
'Aiqing mala tang' ('Spicy Love Soup') starts with a young couple eating sweet (or sour) and spicy soup...
Lewis is a young Sydney amateur theater director at his first experience: he is offered a job with a...
Claude and Ellen are best friends who live in a not-so-nice area of New York. They're involved in the subculture of 90s youth...
Three twenty-somethings share a house and try to live a normal life despite being a ghost, a werewolf, and a vampire.
A young American boy visiting in China helps his zoologist father rescue a panda cub from unscrupulous poachers and save a panda reserve from officious bureaucrats.
The Beans are poor, proud, hated by all, but alive in the sense that they struggle against their lot and support each other in time of trouble...

It's the day before Christmas, the day before John's 21st birthday. He's a prostitute on Santa Monica Blvd in L.A....
Amanda Lemmon is a street-wise orphan who's about to be adopted by a family who uses children for their own selfish gain...
This is a story of a man (Walker), suffering from dwarfism, who writes an autobiographical account of his life...
During the Second World War, tens of thousands of blonde, blue-eyed Polish children were snatched from their parents and given to German families...
Drew is an assistant director of personnel in a Cleveland department store and he has been stuck there for ten years...
Architect Jonathan moves into an LA courtyard apartment complex, then one of his neighbors is murdered by mistake.. Jonathan was the intended victim.
Kris is a homicide cop with psychic abilities. She works to prove that the prime suspect in her latest...
Johnny Destiny burns into Las Vegas in his hot Plymouth RoadRunner, stopping only to pick up a stranger stranded in the desert...
J.J. is a rookie in the Sheriff's Department and the first black officer at that station. Racial tensions...
Paul is on one of his many business trips to Tokyo, as a computer-chip executive from New York, when he meets a beautiful and mysterious woman...
A recovering gambling addict attempts to reconcile with his family and friends but finds trouble and temptation when caught between feelings for his ex-wife and her dangerous hoodlum boyfriend.
A mother with seven sons feels like she's losing control of her life and her family. But personal pain...
A boy born the size of a small doll is kidnapped by a genetic lab and must find a way back to his father...
Prison guard falls in love with inmate. She wants him to let her escape.
The policemen, Ali Sokhela and Brian Epkeen, investigate a massacre during apartheid in South Africa, which apparently took place because a new illegal substance became available.
A boy leaves home to study in Calcutta, while his mother must face a life alone.
Kathryn makes a bet that her step-brother, Sebastian, won't be able to bed Annette (a virgin, who wants to wait until love). If he loses, Kathryn gets his Jaguar, if he wins, he gets Kathryn.
1938, in a French african colony. Lucien Cordier is the cop of this village, populated with blacks and a few whites (usually racialist and lustful)...
In 1993, Sam Fuller takes Jim Jarmusch on a trip into Brazil's Mato Grosso, up the River Araguaia to the village of Santa Isabel Do Morro...
This movie is only made of archive pictures: the official newsreels that were broadcasted on French...
A romantic drama set in Germany just before WWI and centered on a married woman who falls in love with her husband's protégé. Separated first by duties and then by the war, they pledge their devotion to one another.

In the 1890s, Father Adolf Daens goes to Aalst, a textile town where child labor is rife, pay and working conditions are horrible...

In the Alpine village of Tolzbad in the 1800s, the townsfolk talk quietly and restrain their movements lest they incur avalanches...



Mory, a cowherd who rides a motorcycle mounted with a cow's skull, and Anta, a university student, have met in Dakar...
In pre-colonial times a peddler crossing the savanna discovers a child lying unconscious in the bush...
Three directors each adapt a Poe short story to the screen: "Toby Dammit" features a disheveled drugged...
During the American Civil War, a Union Army captain leads his rag-tag cavalry troop up a misty creek...
A viceroy and an archbishop take their posts in Mexico. A local nun, Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz (1651-1695)...
Shot in B&W, Gyula Gazdag's film follows the surreal and often comic quests of young Andris, an orphan searching for a father who doesn't exist...
Chark, an adventurer comes to small village in the near of a gold digger's camp. He is arrested by the local police...
A womanizing art dealer and a painter find the serenity of their Riviera vacation disturbed by a third guest, a vivacious bohemian woman known for her long list of male conquests.
Isabel, donna ricca e matura, è ossessionata da un presunto blocco sessuale e cerca di farsi curare dalla giovane psichiatra Ana...
Vienna in the beginning of the twentieth century. Cavalry Lieutenant Fritz Lobheimer is about to end...
A woman is murdered, but she is seen in different ways by different people.
Two US Treasury agents hunt a successful counterfeiting ring.

A minister falls in love with a blind young woman he sheltered, but so does his son.
Chronicles the six-month strike at Hormel in Austin, Minnesota, in 1985-86. The local union, P-9 of the Food and Commercial Workers...
Adrian Monk is a brilliant San Francisco detective, whose obsessive compulsive disorder just happens to get in the way.
A Swedish whaler is out for revenge when he finds out that a greedy oil man murdered his father for their land.
Salut Cousin! is the tale of two Algerian cousins and their mishaps in the racially volatile environment of Paris.
Fletcher Munson, the lethargic employee of a pseudo-religious self help company, and his doppelganger, the friendly but dull dentist Dr. Jeffrey Korchek.
Alice, fired from her job on an assembly line, leaves her boyfriend and provincial home for an uncertain new life in Lyon...


A strait-laced British inspector is transferred to St. Marie Island's police department. Unfortunately, he hates the sun, sea, and sand. In later series, an accident-prone officer heads the Caribbean investigative team.
An international team of climbers ascends Mt. Everest in the spring of 1996. The film depicts their lengthy preparations for the climb...
Lone group of teens, led by recently released joyrider and his disenchanted Belfast girlfriend, strives...
It has been 73 years since Alex failed and the Humans lost the Cyborg Wars. Since then, the Humans have been enslaved...
A group of skinheads become alarmed at the way their neighbourhood is changing.
A retired thief swears revenge on the lunatic who murdered his brother and partner, while going on the run with the loot they stole.
This tale take place in a bar. The Spanish Alonso and his blind mother run this place. Bay, who is Alonso's friend live here too...
It is a satire about life in Cuba. The members of a funeral procession and some truckdrivers who have...
A mousy office worker accidentally kills one of her coworkers, then proceeds to bump off a few others.
About a young woman who is married to a devout Jew and the problems that trouble their marriage because...
A ten year old girl named Angela leads her six year old sister, Ellie, through various regimens of 'purification'...
This film-noir piece, told in semi-documentary style, follows police on the hunt for a resourceful criminal who shoots and kills a cop.
In Sunray, a backwater town on Australia's Murray River, there's little to do but fish or listen to the local radio station...
Textile company heir Wayland is accused of murder of a prostitute named Elizabeth, whose body was found cut in two in the park...
Now out of prison but still disgraced by his peers, Gordon Gekko works his future son-in-law, an idealistic stock broker, when he sees an opportunity to take down a Wall Street enemy and rebuild his empire.
An eccentric socialite raises a gorilla as her son.
Two tacky homegirls move to L.A. to become dancers; instead they scam a dying millionaire but eventually become B*A*P*S (Black American Princesses).
A group of crooks, an ex con, his friend and a gun crazy gangster plan a drug heist, but not everything goes as planned.
Harold Guppy moves into the Beasley household as a lodger. Before long Mrs. Beasley falls for him and eventually ends up in his bed...
Successful playwright Felix Webb has a new play, 'The Hit Man', in rehearsal. Directed by his old friend Humphrey...
A businessman, Tsuda, runs into a childhood friend, Tajuki, on the subway. Tajuki is working as a semiprofessional boxer...
A teenage American girl while visiting her father, is thrown into London society during the "Debutante Season".
A young man, Ryan, suffering from a disability, wishes to join the other kids from his schools football team...
Jackie and Eugene are joined by a mystical wind tunnel which enables them to speak across a 500-mile desert...
Hugo Pool is a quirky tale of a Los Angeles pool cleaner who falls in love with a young man dying of Lou Gerhig's Disease.
A former drug lord returns from prison determined to wipe out all his competition and distribute the profits of his operations to New York's poor and lower classes in this stylish and ultra violent modern twist on Robin Hood.
Malmö, Sweden during the Second World War. Stig is a 15 year old pupil on the verge of adulthood. Viola is 37 years old and his teacher...
Antoine and Kenny Tyler are NCAA college basketball players, and Antoine is the star. Suddenly Antoine...
Eunice is walking along the highways of northern England from one filling station to another. She is searching for Judith...
Lucy (Leslie Hope), her husband Michael (Victor Ertmanis), and their business partner William (Dan Left)...
The upper-class owner of a gallery, Catherine Lelievre, hires the efficient and quiet maid Sophie to...
Helen is the young girlfriend of good-looking Jackson Baring. When Helen gets pregnant and marries Jackson...
Ewan McGregor plays a law student who takes a job as a night watchman at a morgue. He begins to discover...
On the brink of her 30th birthday, Fanny feels the door to marital happiness closing up on her. She is obsessed with death...
A woman's life is turned upside down when it is revealed that her husband, a member of the British Parliament, has been having an affair with a former prostitute.
Two Italian racketeers come to Albania just after the fall of the communists to set up a fictive firm and pocket the grants...
A look into the many lives of Christa Päffgen, otherwise known as Nico; from cutie German mädchen to the first of the supermodels...
As she grows up, Alia (the daughter of housemaid Khedija) learns the secrets of the peaceful palace where she and her mother live.
Stocholm in the 1920s. Young Roland lives with his socialist father, Jewish mother and a boxing brother...
Spring 1936, a young unemployed communist, David, leaves his hometown Liverpool to join the fight against fascism in Spain...
A Japanese businessman travels to Iceland and has a series of misadventures while venturing to a remote area to perform a traditional burial ritual where his parents died several years back.
Individual memories of a group of teenage Holocaust survivors in Israel creates sharp conflicts among them.
The lives, loves, and laughs of six young friends living in Manhattan.
Amir is an illegal Pakistani immigrant smuggled into England in the 1960's to work, to send money to...
A look at a group of girl friends coming-of-age during their senior year of high school in urban America...
Chris is young idealistic cop who falls in love and gets married to Pam, a beautiful but emotionally...

Georges has Down's syndrome, living at a mental-institution. Harry is a busy businessman, giving lectures for young aspiring salesmen...
Interviews in the Michael Moore/"Roger and Me" tradition examine life in small-town America, class conflicts...
Based on the true story of the 1981 hunger strike in a British prison, in which IRA prisoner Bobby Sands...

Donna witnesses identical murders on the same street on different days. Is this a supernatural conspiracy or is she merely cracking up?
Two hip detectives protect a murder witness while investigating a case of stolen heroin.
Three losers, Eddie, Lucas and Mamet, are sent to collect some debt at a remote farm. But the thugs there are too hard for them...
A police officer leaves the force in the face of harrowing personal and professional difficulties. Spiraling into a depression he makes questionable decisions.
An outsider and a young woman plagued by Tourette's syndrome meet and together journey to Canada.
On his book tour, Michael Moore exposes more wrongdoing by greedy big businesses and callous politicians around America.
A gut-wrenching, non-stop roller coaster ride through the hellish underbelly of inner-city America....
An employee of a corporation with a lucrative secret process is tempted to betray it. But there's more to it than that.
Not far from Shanghai, in a country twon stands the palatial home of the Pang family. Old Master Pang...
The phrase "entertaining angels" refers to the practice of treating all guests--be they kings or peasants--as if they were visiting angels...
A surfer becomes the head of a major company.
Kathy is married to Peter. Now she can't help but wonder how things could have been if she got together with her old boyfriend...
Del and Charlie pose as a gay couple so as to get cheaper health insurance. Things get difficult when they are invited to a gay party and Del meets a beautiful woman. Richard wants to get on a jury but is having trouble getting selected.

Isaac Geldhart is a Holocaust survivor who, overcome by grief at the recent death of his wife, seems...
When the very moralistic college ethics instructor (Aykroyd) finds himself living next door to an accused German death camp commander (Lemmon)...
Three teenage brothers, gang-member Bobby, troubled mama's boy Alan and self-assured prankster Lex, reside in a downtrodden section of Glasgow...
Episodic movie about a rich yuppie couple who, going broke, can't decide if they want to stay together and meanwhile openly sleep around and experiment with different lifestyles.
Set in the 1950s, Rough Magic tells the story of what happens when a pretty apprentice magician goes to Mexico to escape her fiancé...
A raw depiction of the Belfast 'troubles' as savage tribal warfare. Set shortly after the 1975 cease fire...
A mob bagman finds that his luggage, containing the proof of his latest hit, has been switched.
Two brothers, Lex and younger Mick, are living in Harlem. Mick is a policeman, and Lex, who spent youth...
When their abusive parents are killed in a car crash, twin sisters Rosie and Violet vow to run away to Kentucky in search of a better life...
Emily arrives in Miami with aspirations to become a professional dancer. She sparks with Sean, the leader of a dance crew whose neighborhood is threatened by Emily's father's development plans.


A sarcastic comedy thriller about a vampire who sets out to infect the blood of a hospital and the twenty-something slackers who set out to stop him.
A young woman, Poppy, out for excitement in Shanghai, enters a gambling house owned by "Mother" Gin Sling...
Kika, a young cosmetologist, is called to the mansion of Nicolas, an American writer to make-up the corpse of his stepson...
Matteo Juarez is a retired detective hired by a local businessman to follow his wife Jennifer. She has...
Mamma Roma is a middle-aged whore of Roma. Now she can quit her job to become a fruit seller. And she can take back her 16-year-old son...
Michael Reynolds is a rich oncologist who has a $175,000 sports car, a multi-million dollar home, and a new boost in his career...
Jeremy Collier is a Vietnam veteran who has returned home and is struggling to cope with the war experiences that haunt him...
Angel celebrates the birth of his daughter by taking his first hit of crack cocaine. With the hesitant support of his wife...
A slow and poignant story of love and patience told via a dying mother nursed by her devoted son. The...
Alan Furnace is a young man with the perfectly proper, quiet life of a London school teacher. But beneath...
A London woman's love life and career both hinge, unknown to her, on whether or not she catches a train. We see it both ways, in parallel.
Stand up comedy by Martin Lawrence, filmed in the Majestic Theater in New York City. Martin Lawrence talks about everything from racism, to relationships, to his childhood.
A meeting of two world famous climbers, one an experienced mountaineer the other a sport climber, and...